It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Well, the pizza and the pizza, oh, they are awesome.
They are the best.
We're talking about the China Grove.
China Grove.
But every day there's a new thing coming.
The ways of the oriental view.
The sheriff and his buddies with a samurai sword.
You can even hear the music.
you
Testing.
Good evening.
Hello.
I think it's working.
Okay.
Now I just need to make this transition correctly.
I should load this one up first.
Then I should hit this button followed by that button and that button.
And then I can say, good evening.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
I come to you live when I can from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the back of my garage.
I'm back from the gym.
I'm a little bit relaxed.
And also a little bit fired up.
I've had a long show in the waiting for a long time, but sometimes you get this gut feeling that it's not quite the right time to stream.
In the last couple of days I've just had my doubts about what I was going to say and how I was going to say it.
what I was going to try and claim I knew, and that doubt kept me away.
Picking a song kept me in a way.
Before you know it, it's Wednesday and it's in the evening today.
It is 6 23 p.m on the 8th of October 2025 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
United States of America on earth.
I assume that the United States of America is going to be a
a nation, a country that exists for many generations to come.
And in that sense, I'd like to say the name of my country out loud, not assuming, but with hope and
and projection, if you will.
So they're interesting feelings that you can have sometimes.
And I just didn't think that the Right Now Show was right now, but today it is.
I got a little bit from Doug and a little bit from Barry.
Barry, I think you'll know, is this new editor of CBS News, Barry Weiss.
just a meteoric rise, having comparisons to the Count of Monte Cristo and also to Galileo.
She's really somebody to be envied, to be admired, and it's quite spectacular really where we are because people like her can go from relatively
you know, obscurity to really big players on the scene.
So it's really exciting.
I think GigaOM Biological, I think Housatonic Live, I think even the Liberty Perspective has a chance of going mainstream, going viral, beating the algorithms, and really succeeding at getting our truth, our version of the truth out there.
Sorry, that's completely not gonna happen, but we're still gonna talk about it anyway.
Hey, new rule admission would be, what's his name?
Why am I drawing a blank on him now?
Bill Maher.
And it's an interesting sort of, I just wanna step back again and keep reminding you that this cast has kind of filled itself in.
Once the connection was made a few weeks ago, maybe a couple months ago with regard to the ambassador to India connected to the Clintons and to nuclear deals and Nevada and I don't know what else, did a podcast with Piper Stover, this early meddler of mine back in 2020 and 2021.
And then this weird connection
between Kathy Griffin and her bloody head of Donald Trump and Snoop Dogg, which
You know, if you pulled those names out of a hat, it would seem ridiculous, but we didn't.
Mark and I were having a spontaneous conversation on the phone about one of them.
And then I reminded him of another celebrity that had done a similar thing.
And I believe with 99% certainty, we were talking about Kathy Griffin.
And then I said, well, don't forget that Snoop Dogg also had that music video where he had the pistol with the flag that came out that said, bang.
And with a few short, you know, I mean, given Mark Kulak's Google foo is probably better than most average Googlers.
He knows how to use, you know, search terms well.
And he found quite a array of connections that took us all the way back to the man show with Jimmy Kimmel and Joe Rogan.
And a guy by the name of Doug Stanhope, actually, who's the other Doug there.
And then finally, the longest con, can you see it?
I'm just gonna still try and show it to you.
Exactly what I said or predicted would happen with regard to Professor Dave and Dan Wilson, Pierre Kory, Steve Kirsch.
Pierre Kory and Steve Kirsch are being made fun of, made fools of,
Several orders of magnitude more people are seeing that than could have possibly seen Steve Kersh and Pierre Kory win in any edited context in that debate, which was of course Pangburn's anti-RFK tour.
So it's very confusing how it is that Pierre Kory and Steve Kersh found themselves on stage in the first place.
It's even more confusing how poorly they did simply because
They seemed like they just didn't prepare even though they were exchanging papers as if it was going to be some kind of journal club debate.
And then they fell flat on their face for an hour and a half and now these two YouTubers, Dan Wilson and Dave Farina,
with, you know, Dave has like four million followers, are spreading the word of these charlatans that are behind RFK Jr.
And of course they're reaching millions more people on YouTube and on all the other social media platforms than Steve Kirsch or Pierre Kory could ever hope, even if all of their followers, you know, shared it with everybody that they know.
And so the trap is closing now and
the conservative movement in the right that has been artificially assembled basically by Steve Bannon and a network of clowns, this is about to be discredited in the minds of the majority of Americans.
Now, you can still watch Fox News and I'll warn you, you can still watch Fox News and they'll tell you that it's 40%, 40% and 20% undecided.
That's not true at all.
By my best estimates, the people that still think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is going to do something good and Donald Trump is going to do something good and it's better that we have them in the White House than anybody else,
is really waning toward 30%, maybe even 25%.
And so you are in a minority.
And it is a minority that is going to decrease very, I mean, shrink very, very fast, I think.
With the exception of the fact, of course, that, what do we have here?
Oh, geez.
With the exception of the fact, of course, that the consensus is not being shown to them.
They are being shown numbers which suggest that it's like a 50-50 divide, just like the support for Trump or the support for any particular poll question.
And so by careful orchestration,
America has a schism in it right now, but the schism is perceived by the minority as being roughly 50-50 and by the majority as a majority.
And this is a very dangerous place to be because 50-50 makes both sides feel very comfortable.
A majority makes one side feel very comfortable.
And if the other side doesn't understand that, then it makes the other side very, very vulnerable.
It's like a socioeconomic judo right now.
And the conservative, false conservative right in America that is being propped up now as the right, the conservative right, or the Christian right, or maybe because Barry Weiss is now also a right-wing news source, right-wing conservative, even though she's a Jewish lesbian.
um it's so confusing because the whole system is designed to be that way it's a long con and we've finally gotten to the end of it where the scramble is complete and now they need to to the control demolition is starting and that's why you see things like like uh
like Barry Weiss by being promoted to this insane level.
I mean, it's just as silly as promoting somebody as obscure and meaningless in the scientific community and in biology in general as Jay Bhattacharya to NIH director.
He's following in the footsteps of somebody that helped guide the Human Genome Project for a decade.
It's absurd to think that he has any of the requisite knowledge or vision to sit in that chair and run that office.
Just like it's ridiculous that Barry Weiss could be editor of CBS News.
Like that's absurd.
She doesn't have the requisite experience in life to even make an attempt at managing a restaurant that was already successful when she walked in the door.
Like this is a, this is a big time illusion that's being forced upon America and forced upon the world.
The world's got to scratch their head and wonder what's going on as well.
And so because these are questions that everybody is going to be forced to ask just by the circumstances alone, what the hell's going on in America?
What the hell's going on at CBS?
What are they thinking by putting this person there?
You see, the questions that they ask are scripted.
She is put there because it's part of the script to blame the people that people are going to blame.
And that's the magic of this.
And so the longest con is coming to a crescendo.
And if you can see it, it's very, very wonderful and malevolent and obvious.
And if you can't see it, it's terrifying.
It seems like somehow or another a small strip of dirt in the Middle East and the people that sell falafel on it are controlling the world with sex and pictures of sex and little kids, I guess, or something.
It's just not happening.
It's not happening.
And we can break that spell if we want to.
And I definitely, definitely want to.
So thanks for being here.
I got to get going here.
We got to get moving.
This is going to be a long, long, long, long, long, long stream.
What is this?
That's not coffee.
Oh man.
Okay.
That's fine.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone.
It's measles plus.
Okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
Let's get to something.
Now that we've had enough time,
to put both in the rear view mirror and judge without emotion.
What did you like better, COVID or 9-11?
You can only pick one to do over again.
Like, which was more fun for you?
There's arguments to be made on both sides.
I got more material out of 9-11, so you could say that 9-11's funnier.
But which did you really enjoy more?
9-11 was more exciting.
And I needed excitement at that point in my life.
I needed the thrill where COVID was more relaxing.
The most beautiful sabbatical of lay back and have every reason in the world to tell people to fuck off and don't come to my door.
And you could have them both over again, yeah, but you could only pick one.
COVID, uh, no good footage.
9-11 had way better footage.
You can still watch 9-11 if it's on anyway.
You're not going to turn the channel right there and go, no!
I'll sit through this till the fucking dust blows down Wall Street.
I don't think it's that funny.
There are some people in the audience that are laughing like crazy and I don't think it's that funny.
Just consider the possibility that this...
is so dark that they would put people with stupid laughs in the audience for this particular special.
For this particular bit.
Because this particular bit needed people to think that everybody thought it was funny to laugh along.
You know, the illusion of consensus.
Just follow along a little bit.
Aw, come on now, don't already
Come on.
It's like Shawshank Redemption or Groundhog's Day.
If it's on anyway, I'm gonna sit through till the end.
It's seasonal.
Planes, trains, and automobiles.
No good COVID footage.
No one was leaping to their death out of a 90-story building to get away from a virus.
COVID boring, COVID boring.
More likely you lost someone to COVID than you did 9-11, obviously.
But if you did lose someone to COVID, probably someone you were tired of having to visit at that home.
You gotta show up and put in some face time to stay in the will.
You know, hey Nana, how's our nesting?
Hold it up.
I don't like the way that, I don't like the way that COVID
Normalized germophobia.
I've always hated fucking hand sanitizer people have made me crazy my okay, so here's here's the the the The the 5g warfare here because he's gonna think he's pulling a trick here he you think that he's gonna be against all the masks and and
hand sanitizers and stuff but no this is about to be a joke about how being around him should not only make you feel like that but it should make you feel even more scared for your health because of how dirty he is so it's a really
It's a really malevolent script.
This isn't funny, especially if you see it as a national security scripted bit.
My whole adult life, because I've been exhibiting symptoms of COVID for over 40 years.
I've been a fucking chain smoker my whole life.
So anytime I was half coughing and I saw someone running for the Purell, I assume it's me.
I don't hate you as a germaphobe, as a person.
I just don't want to be in the same room with you the same way you're uncomfortable being with me.
Sneezy, coughy, hacky.
And not even just the smoker thing.
I'm a disgusting person.
I have no sense of personal hygiene whatsoever.
I don't, I realized during COVID, I don't wash my hands ever.
Literally, for no reason.
If I was eating like buffalo wings with ranch and sauce and I fell off my bar stool onto a dirty carpet with lint and hair and stuff in my... I would still probably go like this first before I went all the way to wash my hands.
I'm fucking disgusting.
I let my cat lick my teeth.
Because he loves to do it.
My cat Meatwig is this giant cat and he loves to lick your teeth.
He gets right in and does grout work between the tooth and gum and I think it's funny.
And a lot of people bum out when you do that.
It's football Sunday and you're double dipping your fucking nacho.
You just let the cat eat your mouth and you're double dipping?
Yes, I don't think about it.
I fucking carry my own straws, as you probably know, because I have fucking plastic straws.
I always have a pocket full, because I won't put a paper straw in a proper drink.
But I do recycle, because I'm fucking eco-friendly.
These are the same straws.
This is how I clean them.
I go.
and I'd put it right back in the filthy pocket of a thrift store jacket that was probably recently exhumed from your grandfather's grave by tweakers looking for fucking valuables.
And I would put this in your drink.
If you came to my house, I would go right, yeah, I would put it right in your drink and never consider it.
I'm wearing like six day old socks right now.
These socks I was wearing in Tucson and they're here now and they never leave my feet.
Okay, I am gonna be able to sell you on that.
I am gonna be able to sell you on why I played that.
And I do really think that intramuscular injection is dumb.
I'm dang sure that RNA cannot pandemic, that transfection is a crime, and that autism is a myth.
And I think GigaOM Biological is one of the few places on the internet that's trying to tackle these ideas.
We're part of the independent bright web.
Get off social media means get off social media.
You might think that, you know,
Jonathan Couey is still on social media on X and all I do on X is tell people what they're not seeing and tell people what they're not doing and try to subvert that in some way but I can promise everybody that's listening to this that's on a timer and as far as being on other social media that's not me anybody
that sees a Jonathan with an J-O-H-N on Facebook, for example, that's not mine.
That's somebody else, because that's how they do it.
You've got to get off of social media and build your own website, build your own peer tube, your own soapbox instance, just like Trump did with True Social, just like the Democrats or somebody did with Blue Sky.
Thank you very much for being here.
Thanks for joining me.
I know that I'm usually on in the morning around 11 Eastern Standard Time, but this evening I'm on in the evening.
And because you do not understand, that's why mice are gonna die.
That's why people are gonna get trapped.
They don't understand what we're dealing with.
We are at a time point.
We are at a time point when human diversity is at its peak for all time.
There will never be more genetic diversity available again and for how long?
I can't precisely say.
Maybe a generation, maybe a half, maybe two generations.
But it is one big theater with one big cast.
Everyone trusts the script because
That's how theater works.
You can't change the script by yelling from the audience.
And in America right now, because it's not real, you can't really change the script by yelling on social media or maybe even by voting at this point.
That sounds pretty dark, but it's true.
I'm happy to bring the truth as best I know it.
I really, I don't want to be the guy that's got to say that autism spectrum disorder is a myth.
but no one else is saying it.
And more precisely, no one else is saying why would they create such a myth.
And it's not because vaccines or vaccines don't work or vaccines hurt people.
It's because intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s that they don't want it questioned.
It's because virology, and specifically RNA virology, they don't want questioned as a science.
And public health as a prerogative, as a,
imperative, as something that can be supernational, as something that they do not want questioned as a reason.
That's the reality.
And there's no doubt in my mind that pandemics and gain of function are also myths that were purposefully released into our brain for the same reason.
And so, very bad.
useless arguments are made about mandates and health freedom and adjuvants and mercury instead of really somebody getting down to the biology and science and statistics as a professional and showing you the truth.
And that's what I've been trying to do for the last six years, is I've tried to figure out what the hell's going on.
And I believe I've gotten to the point where I can claim that Gig Ohm Biological has at least a pair of glasses that works.
And the pair of glasses that works for us is always looking at the biology.
And if we stay focused on that biology, oftentimes a lot of the other stuff that's smoke and mirrors presents itself exactly as that.
Smoke and mirrors.
Smoke and mirrors on social media.
Show your children the truth.
Please show your children the truth.
Explain to them how we got trapped over many, many years by these stories and by these conspiracy theories.
Because our children need to understand why the cheese is free on social media.
They need to understand that it's a joke.
They don't sell ads.
It's not subscriptions to Spotify that pays $250,000,000 for Joe Rogan after paying $200,000,000 for Joe Rogan.
No.
Ladies and gentlemen, America needs to stay focused.
Just like that eagle did.
Stay focused.
Look at him staying focused.
Don't take the bait on social media.
That's usually the easiest by just getting off of social media.
Love your neighbor.
That's usually the easiest by walking out of your house and going talking to him.
Um, we are in very big trouble because we were set up.
You can hear it.
Don't take Tylenol.
We were set up.
Don't take it.
With Tylenol, don't take it.
Don't use Tylenol.
Don't take Tylenol.
Fight like hell not to take it.
These people are all malevolent actors.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is GigaOM Biological, where biology is the way life is.
A Pattern Integrity coming to you live from Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, home of the Blackhawks.
Also rumored home and alma mater of Matthew Crooks, the guy that supposedly
on the sitcom that we're watching, shot Donald Trump in the ear from a roof.
He was on the rifle team at my son's high school, apparently.
And there's a Black Rock video featuring him, which is just absolutely hilarious.
And the reason why it is hilarious is because, good evening, ladies and gentlemen, the one thing that I find
compelling, is to try and use my goldfish memory to see if I can remember things that people used to talk about that they don't talk about anymore.
And Matt Taibbi, having just recently been in front of the Senate talking about something or another, is one of these people who used to talk about something in a very vigorous and excited way.
And that something that he used to talk about was a vampire squid.
Matt Taibbi used to talk about a vampire squid that was responsible for bankrupting Greece and doing all kinds of very nefarious international financial operations.
And that vampire squid was actually also called Goldman Sachs.
Interestingly enough, Matt Taibbi then became connected to the Brett Weinstein Intellectual Dark Web Network, and that includes also all kinds of people, including Melissa Chen and Tulsi Gabbard.
This is just a remarkable set of circumstances that's brought us here, all with a group of podcast actors on a scripted narrative that I believe was provided to them
by the National Security State, possibly under the pretense of NATO or the State Department.
However exactly this was rolled out though, these people are traitors to our grandchildren and essentially, if
I'm right.
They should be considered criminals, even though, of course, because they're working for the US government and NATO, they wouldn't really be considered criminals.
But I think that from a professional and personal perspective, this list of people that I would be willing to provide any news source or court of law, I believe that these people should be publicly outed and suffer for the rest of their life for the role that they played
in the falsification of the pandemic and the indirect and direct murder of Americans and other citizens of the world under the pretenses of these protocols, under the pretenses of COVID being real.
I'm absolutely deadly serious when I say that the Trump administration has been twice a fraud, twice a puppet, twice a Trojan horse.
This time the Trojan horse operation is much more obvious because they have a UK citizen at the head of the FDA, an Indian citizen at the head of the NIH, and a Turkish citizen at the head of Medicare, and a former heroin addict and brain worm victim at the head of HHS.
We are about to see America get judo thrown on its face with regard to Israel, and the Middle East, and Libya, and currency manipulation, and the pipeline in the ocean, and the Ukraine war.
It's all gonna get turned upside down.
And American citizens will be very tempted by social media to turn on each other.
and to turn on the idea, the concept, the very nationalism that would keep this country together under any other circumstances is going to potentially disappear in an instant.
And it's because of our acquiescence to social media.
The only way to stop it is to get a meaningful number of the population, especially those people under 40, off of social media and convince them that they can't use social media to find the truth because it's not available there.
I don't know how easy it will be to seek the truth together like that.
I don't know how easy it will be to get people off of social media.
I can get off of social media tomorrow.
It's just that at some point in time we leave all those people in the cave.
I don't want all of you to leave your friends and leave the connections that you have with your friends.
I want you to stop using social media to find any version of the truth.
You want to use social media to send DMS to your family, to communicate directly with people.
Go for it.
Keep going.
But don't use social media as a bulletin board.
Don't use social media as a want ad.
Don't use social media as a boredom cure.
Don't use social media as a research tool.
Unless you're extremely, extremely careful and extremely meticulous about what it is you want to find and how you're finding it.
Because social media is a military control software suite.
clean up the numbers, the two docs here can clean up the numbers for me, but isn't it something like 95 or it's 99% recovery rate, unless you have two other comorbidities, usually diabetes and overweight, and that includes usually people that are over 80 that I... And so I showed you a couple of days ago, and I think this is very significant that these three, four people were on a podcast in February or May or whatever of 2021.
Because these people then, over the course of the next three years, spread out and became kind of rivals on different sides of the coin.
This guy would go on to stream daily with two future FDA officials, Vinay Prasad and Marty McCary.
He would stream with them like 10 times.
And Dr. Drew would go on to start his own show to rise in prominence on Rumble, to have all these people like Kelly Victory on all the time, to have all McCullough and all them.
This guy came from Canada?
and moved to Florida, started streaming with Barnes.
And that was all perhaps at some point was not, was just accidental, the trucker thing in Canada maybe, but recruited nevertheless.
And that guy's of course, old school intellectual dark web in the original picture with Weinstein, Weinstein, Peterson, Rogan, Harris, you know, and Shapiro.
And so fast forward to 2024, and here we have Sam Harris and Shapiro in the original intellectual dark web photo with Weinstein, Weinstein, Peterson, Rubin, and Harris with this person who we know to be a fraud because of her appearance on Joe Rogan in 2019 when she was already working at the New York Times.
And in that interview, it's like three hours of painful, obvious scripting on Rogan's part where she just drops the ball, spills the drink, puts the cigarette in her mouth and lights the wrong end.
She does all kinds of stupid shit and says all kinds of stupid shit.
And we're supposed to believe that just a few years later, she was able to develop a conservative right wing
blog and news podcast that would be bought in 2025 by Larry Ellison's son.
This is not real.
This is a podcast for, this is a national security theater for dummies.
If you take that person seriously, or this person seriously, or just one of these three people seriously, the National Security Theater for Dummies worked on you.
And I'm right here to tell you that at some point in time in 2020 and 21 and 22, it was working on me.
This is not an easy thing to break free of, but once you break free of it, it is everywhere to be seen, plain and obvious.
And Barry is an example of the plain and obvious.
And it's not what you think.
Because this is now, right?
This is 2024, this was 2021.
I want you to see that this National Security Theater for Dummies is premised under the principle that a conversation is convincing.
So if we can have four people on a script or three out of four people on a script, this is convincing.
And we figured that out all the way back in the early 2000s.
Hell, Larry King showed us that.
It's just that how do you find another Larry King?
How do you find somebody that can do what Larry King does, but will do it exactly the way you want to do it?
How do you find a lot of those people?
And that's where we are.
Now I'm going to play the second half of it.
What he did was he got even more gross than he did in the first part.
and it was so gross I couldn't even play it.
And then now he's gonna do the typical scripted comedy thing and bring the first joke back again.
Here we go.
9-11 had way better conspiracy theories.
Every conspiracy theory is better than fucking COVID conspiracy theories.
I loved conspiracy theories.
I guess for entertainment purposes only.
I wasn't fucking... But... Fucking COVID!
Like 9-11, all of them, Waco, fucking Oklahoma City bombing, all those conspiracy theories.
I hate to be the old man.
Conspiracy theories were way better when I was a kid.
But 9-11, they made sense.
There was a sober, cogent, convincing narrator who would slowly bring you through all the beats of why.
And on the morning of September 11th, the hijackers, but at the same time,
You're selling me, I know this is bullshit, but you're doing great.
An important thing to remember here that Mark Kulak has pointed out so well in his work over the last couple weeks is that the narrative after 9-11 was curated in a much less thorough way immediately.
So that the immediate time afterward,
They had probably what could be characterized as much less control over the spin that was happening all around the United States.
And maybe they did have some people out there that were supposed to do that stuff, but the speed with which this was done was different.
Of course, on the network news, they already knew it was Osama bin Laden within hours of the planes hitting or whatever happened.
But I guess what I would like to propose, and what Mark, sorry, not what I would like to propose, but what Mark would like to propose is that because 9-11 as it happened was not exactly what most people expected to happen,
The details of that are what Mark is working on.
It's just that nobody's really tried to challenge this narrative that there were airplanes that were hijacked, that were crashed into buildings, and the buildings fell down.
Even Tucker Carlson doesn't seem to be willing to question that.
Interestingly enough, he's telling an audience that the conspiracy theories were much better when we were kids, but he's never going to tell you why, except that I guess the conspiracy movies had better narrators.
And it's actually, you know, because the physics of what happened at Oklahoma city are questionable.
The physics of what happened on 9-11 are questionable.
He'll say it, but not really.
And of course the biology of what happened during COVID is questionable, but he says that he doesn't even think those are stupid.
This is all by design, I assure you.
Even if nobody that you know sees Doug Stanhope, it's about what Doug Stanhope does and what Rogan does and what
all these lefties do and all this stuff and how it interacts back with all of these social networks that we ourselves have formed with one another.
And they have that data.
They have that mapped out.
They can see it happen.
So even if they put the idea out on Doug Stanhope's podcast and only 40 other ones, all of which none of us watch, it could be that in two weeks, one of the people that we're watching picks it up and says it anyway.
And they have been watching this happen for years already during the pandemic.
watching what happens when the first person who says it is Brett Weinstein versus when the first person who says it is Jessica Rose, watching what happens when the first person who says it is Geert van den Bosch versus when the first person who says it is Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and they have brilliantly
meticulous statistics on this.
They know exactly what to expect when Steve Bannon says something or when Steve Bannon complains about a product.
They know exactly what's going to happen when Joe Rogan breaks into an ad in his Spotify podcast.
They know how many people are likely to click on the link.
So this is not by accident.
This is script.
The QAnon shit.
Oh, some fucking anonymous guy leaves a cryptic message, a message board, and you have to figure out the conspiracy theory on your own and build it from scratch.
He said some nonsense and you use it as a Mad Libs up there.
Put a verb here and an adverb there.
The adjective here.
And you go, this is fucking
difference between 9-11 scientific bent angle what temperature does tungsten steel melt at versus QAnon.
Oh he said the monkey flies at dawn so I think that means Tom Hanks is fucking kidding.
So funny right for Doug Stanhope the COVID conspiracy has to do with QAnon and the 9-11 conspiracy has to do with the Loose Change movie I guess.
It's with the Bilderbergs on Epstein Island and that's why tattoo killed himself.
Boss, boss, the plane, the plane and Hillary Clinton grows vampire teeth at midnight and sucks baby's blood.
The way I see it, she's got a cocktail of a baby dressed with garnishes like that and she pushes a tattoo killed himself.
versus QAnon, oh, he said the monkey flies at dawn, so I think that means Tom Hanks is fucking kids with the Bilderbergs on Epstein Island, and that's why Tattoo killed himself, boss, boss, the plane, the plane, and Hillary Clinton grows.
So they're even gonna let him make fun of the script, you see, he's, he's, he,
Do you really, do we really believe that the system is so out of control and random that the way that it runs is kind of a haphazard combination of blackmail, sex, and drugs?
That's ridiculous.
It's ridiculous.
And he sees that it's ridiculous.
He's joking about it, but he doesn't fill in the blank that it's just a national security script because he's part of it.
Joe Rogan is part of it.
Everybody, Jimmy Kimmel's part of it.
It's all one malevolent show.
It's vampire teeth at midnight and sucks baby's blood.
The way I see it, she's got a cocktail of a baby dressed with garnishes like that and she pushes a crazy straw down into his soft spot and then sucks his little head flat like a juice box.
That's how I imagine it happens.
For eternal youth, you know?
And you go, how did you come up with that?
Follow the money.
You suck.
You've ruined conspiracy theories as an entertainment source, a genre for everybody for here.
I love to be lied to and you stink at this.
I did fucking Roseanne Barr.
I did her podcast during the corn times and she's a friend of mine and she's a fucking comedy legend and she's genius.
She's a beautiful mind like the film.
Roseanne Barr.
Yeah, Roseanne Barr is also part of this.
Abso-frickin-lutely she is.
Listen to this nonsense.
Diplomacy?
She believes a lot of this QAnon-y shit.
And so we're talking and then it's just all normal and then she fucking deviates down some path of fucking blizzard people, I don't know, just something.
I just let her exhaust herself talking.
And then at the end when she's...
Out of breath, I said, Rosent, do you really think what you just told me is plausible?
Does that sound likely?
And she goes, what, you don't think so?
In that case, I don't know.
How weak was the bullshit?
that sold you on this to begin with, that you just went on this massive diatribe where all I have to do is basically shrug my shoulders in response.
and make you collapse like a house of cards.
And that's where a lot of people with the anti-vax health freedom movement are with their family and friends.
They don't actually have a coherent, cogent argument for their position.
They've been lured off track and into the weeds by these false
Narrative pushers like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland and Merrill Nass and Brian Hooker, all of whom have been concealing the fact that there's a biologically plausible reason why the vaccine schedule is dangerous, and specific ones more than others.
There's a biologically plausible reason why certain kinds of vaccines are destined never to work.
that even if they produce the antibody response that they say is produced, the augmentation of the immune system is not as foolproof as they claim.
And more importantly, a lot of the diseases, the 16 or 18 supposedly vaccine-preventable diseases, were never really hurting that many people to begin with.
And that's gonna sound scary to some people.
It's gonna be something that makes a lot of people angry.
But there is a distinct biological possibility that some of these contagious phenomenon can be prevented by pre-exposure.
and that subcutaneous or continuous exposure to proteins related to or derived from these contagious phenomenon might assist in our ability to deal with them.
And more importantly, attenuate the immune reaction associated with exposure to them.
In other words, instead of reacting to exposure to the measles by producing the symptoms of measles, the disease,
You wouldn't produce the symptoms, but you would still be exposed to the antigen complement, whatever it is that measles is that's considered contagious.
So it's very similar to there always being poison ivy in the woods, but if you grew up and you were young and you were exposed to it at the right time and for whatever reason your skin made immunity to it, it wouldn't be like you couldn't spread poison ivy to somebody else.
It's just that when it gets on your clothes, it's not going to matter.
Very similar to how a beekeeper might not be feeling bee stings after many years of working as a beekeeper, especially.
It's just, none of these metaphors are perfect, but all of these metaphors are getting at the heart of the matter.
And that is, it is not as simple as there's no viruses, just like it's not as simple as no vaccines are good.
vaccination doesn't work, or something like that, unless you are precise enough to say that intramuscular injection of a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting our immune system is a dumb idea.
But maybe
Cutaneous exposure isn't bad.
Maybe inhalation wouldn't be bad.
Maybe oral vaccination might work.
Maybe in the end, like Paul Offit and others have been recorded saying, the ideal vaccination schedule would all be oral.
And if we think about a new biology 101 organized around the microbiome and mitochondrial DNA and a continuum of development,
Yeah, we just might find ourselves able to reinterpret our existence and our biology in a whole new way.
Almost all of the observations that we've made in the past might still be useful, just in a completely different context.
And so we are being urged to accept recent events and recent circumstances, and I would suggest to you that that's just simply unacceptable.
Now is the time to wake up as a family, parents and children together and wake up about recent American history and understand that the truth is not available on social media.
These people will not question the characters that they are asked to play and they will not question the script they are asked to read.
But first of all, she knows she's out of her mind, and that's half the battle.
She's the first to tell you, I'm batshit crazy, and people don't know the half of it.
So if you know that you're gullible or stupid or fucking insane, you're one step ahead of the game.
I know that I'm fucking easily sold on some bullshit.
But then she said, probably the most poignant
She goes, that's the problem now.
How do we even do stand-up comedy anymore when there's no such thing as truth left?
I just fucking got goosebumps.
How do you?
How do you fucking get through life, anything?
Like there used to be a consensus of truth.
Some stable flooring,
It's a war in Iraq, let's say.
Yes, there was a war in Iraq.
And as a comic, you could have any angle.
It's a war for oil or buck the terrorists.
Let's nuke them back to the Stone Age.
But at least you're standing on the same.
There is a war in Iraq.
There was not a vocal screaming,
third party going there is no war in iraq it's a false flag operation because the earth is flat and iraq is on the underside of it so if you try to deploy troops there they just fall into under space so you see exactly he sees it exactly exactly exactly but he's scripted not to teach the audience what he sees he's scripted to say it without saying it
Everything they know is a lie.
He's not saying that the pandemic was a lie, but he's implying it.
That's what anybody who thinks it was a lie is thinking, and anybody who thinks that it wasn't a lie isn't thinking.
It's the perfect military scripted theater.
What the fuck do you do?
I'll tell you what I've done.
I've stopped caring and it's worked out beautifully.
That's absolutely the worst solution ever to stop caring.
What you need to do is get on the same page as your kids and try to move forward together with a plan on how to have an understanding of what happened for the last five years, 10 years, 15 years and 20.
And once we understand that and we get back to the start of the Human Genome Project, we can start to put into focus where we are as a nation and where you and I want to go as a community of families in America today.
You know they eat babies.
That is not bullshit.
It's true.
So it's not just the dogs and the cats, not just the pets?
It's not just the dogs and the cats.
They're full-on vampires, and everybody still thinks I'm crazy, but I'm not crazy.
They're full-on vampires.
They love the taste of human flesh, and they drink human blood.
They do talk.
By the time we go in to vote for Trump, that he will open up everybody's eyes, and they will stop pretending to be asleep.
You know what they say, you can't wake people up that are pretending to be asleep.
But I pray to God, please wake up even those who are pretending to be asleep with the irrefutable truth of what the worst people on this planet are really up to.
They are really up to that.
They're doing it.
There are so many victims.
Ladies and gentlemen, this has been for all the marbles.
It's been a population pyramid managing exercise.
It's about the grandchildren of Earth.
It's about inverting their sovereignty to experimental animal status.
There's only a couple generations left on Earth for this much diversity to be available to be collected.
They are now in the process of building the infrastructure necessary to store it and to analyze it.
And they are also in the process of building the infrastructure to collect the data associated with it.
That infrastructure includes, of course, your phone and your smart devices.
It also includes any medical databases out there.
It includes all the national security imperatives to do so, all the way up to the Department of Energy, where the national security state put the Human Genome Project all the way back then.
That's why there's a fake global health freedom movement.
That's why Elon, Jeff, Peter, Alex, Mark, Bobby, and Donnie are so ridiculous.
It's for all the marbles.
It's murder and lies, ladies and gentlemen.
We can find the truth together.
If you were like a superb legendary serial killer,
cold case decades you murdered people perfectly flawlessly no and you know how to turn off the cell phone so it doesn't ping when you're burying a body oh this is the same stand-up
all the basic, the one-on-ones, and you got away with it for decades to the point where now you're just retired in your 70s, you had that mail-order pride you had since fuckin' 97, and you lived a quiet, peaceful life, only to be busted by a podcaster?
What kind of Scooby-Doo shit is this?
It's not by accident, ladies and gentlemen, it's because GigaOM Biological is doing work that they have to respond to, that they have to pretend doesn't exist by absorbing it piece by piece, spread out over all these actors.
That's why you see a lot of these people from a lot of different countries picking up pieces of this
show and the things that we have taught over the last six years.
And Doug Stanhope is just one of many that's been scripted to say some of the things that we've put together.
Ladies and gentlemen, the American public is governed by national security actors, podcast actors.
Citizens are actively divided on false premises that these podcast actors argue about.
The pandemic was the culmination of a long con that stems all the way back to the Human Genome Project and before.
The real motivation is the Human Genome Project and it's still ongoing.
In two generations, all this diversity will be gone and the opportunity will be lost.
So if you were in charge, what would you do?
That's really the question.
Because I think what you're seeing right now is what they would do.
That's what you're seeing.
If you want to start getting off of social media and start following me directly, you can follow me at stream.gigaohm.bow.
You can download the PeerTube app, which will use the website to load my videos directly to your phone, not using any of your data.
And that makes it pretty nice because then you're not getting other videos from the YouTube algorithm or having other, you know, have to follow other people on Instagram or anything like that.
PeerTube app serves up just me.
And right now on my PeerTube server, I am
allowing Mark Kulak to post his videos.
And so sometimes you will also see Mark Kulak's videos above mine in the feed.
And that's just the way that it works right now.
But Mark's working on getting his own instance of PeerTube.
And then those things will be completely separate as separate channels in the app too.
So lots of things coming in the future I think are going to be really exciting.
Intramuscular injection is indeed a dumb idea for the late 1800s.
Transfection in healthy humans is a crime.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Autism is a meaningless word by design.
This is fifth generation warfare.
They're lying to you on social media and groups.
Um, and America has been fooled by a decades long theater that has culminated in this podcast universe thing, but you can tell if someone's lying and it's Tucker Carlson and, and, and, and Steve Bannon and Megan Kelly and, and all these people are Pierce Morgan.
They're all,
They're all being managed, they're all being controlled, and they're all part of a theater, and they're all scripted actors.
And those scripted actors can convince other scripted actors to behave unwittingly.
And I suppose the best model is really the Joe Rogan experience.
But nonetheless, I think America has been fooled by a decades-long theater.
and that COVID was the culmination of it.
I guess I should have left that up a little while longer.
And this illusion of consensus on social media that things are actually happening there and people are actually arguing and that
information is actually getting out there and that, you know, I don't know, opinions are being released and things can be said and people can be fired.
You know, like Barry Weiss can be fired for what she says on Twitter or somebody's company can be bought out because of something they tweet.
These are parts of the illusion that social media is so relevant that it changes the world in Germany and in America all at the same time.
and they barely have to have any programmers because the algorithm does it.
Stop lying!
It's murder and lies, ladies and gentlemen.
Don't be fooled.
Seek the truth with us.
This line is not level because the population pyramid had predicted it back when I graduated from high school.
You can see it right there.
I think the timeline is most important to understand that
As the population pyramid was about to yield that increase in all cause mortality, these fake organizations sprung up with their fake members and their sabotaging ways.
And a lot of really well-meaning people were stood in front of, including probably Jack Hanley, including probably Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark.
And so I, again, can't stress enough how, if you have any doubts about anybody, just look at their timeline, look what they were saying in 2020 and 2021.
You can see every one of these people's a clown.
I gotta see where this is going.
I thought I had, oh yeah, this is coming right now.
Good.
I might have to escape out of here though, so this starts again and plays correctly.
Here we go.
Hoo-ha!
This is crazy, crazy, crazy times.
That's all I know.
One hour in.
37, good to see you guys.
Bill Maher, like Barry Weiss, is being promoted by other people in social media and mainstream media as a guy who went conservative, moved from the Democratic Party to Trump, just like RFK did, just like Barry Weiss did as a Jewish lesbian, just like a lot of these people did.
And we're supposed to believe that everyone from Brian Hooker to Mary Holland to Brett Weinstein to all these, you know, people that were really all about the Democrats, including even Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone, all moved to the conservative side because of COVID.
Because COVID made it obvious that there were overreach.
It forced me to choose conservative.
And now they're all going to come back to their senses and move back to the left and leave all of the conservatives that they rallied and all of the people that they convinced to come to that side and vote for Trump and be a part of the 50-50 in America.
They're going to leave them all standing behind them and standing alone.
That's the plan.
That's always been the plan.
And those people will be burnt somehow.
I don't know how it's going to happen or what the deal will be.
But maybe the people on that side will be the people that don't get the universal income for the first two years, or don't get any, or don't sign up for digital ID.
And then something else happens, although the real ID in America is already almost in everybody's pocket.
They're the bro party, the party of car shows on the White House lawn, and breaking shit, and seeing what happens, and busting balls, and shooting stuff, like beer.
And laws.
It's been that way for a long time, the mommy party and the daddy party, the party of pussy hats and the party of truck nuts.
That black guy they just showed was one of the worst political actors in America.
Like he's just, he'll do anything he's told to do.
But that divide is on steroids now and getting worse.
In the 24 election, young men preferred Trump by two points and young women, Kamala, by 24.
The only way Trump can appeal to women 18 to 39 is making him one of his lawyers.
Men and women can barely date anymore because they can't stomach each other's politics.
It's why everyone is gay now.
We're just... We're just done with each other.
If you don't believe me, ask yourself, what podcasts do I listen to?
Trump bros have 50,000 of them about politics and protein powder, while in the woman's sphere, the podcasts are all about balancing career and motherhood until eventually true crime happens and someone gets murdered.
So I have my mouth full.
But the idea that Bill Maher thinks that we are being governed by podcasts because that's the internet, because that's how social media works, because that's what people are choosing to do, because that's the way it's ended up.
That's just the result of social media being what it is and the algorithm being what it is.
That's just ad money.
That's just advertising.
The whole concept that this is just some random system of economics where money talks and, you know, it's just supply and demand.
Social media is a military social control program suite.
And the fact that people are all following podcasts that are separating men and women, that are making people consider a possibility that they might be in the wrong body when they are young.
All these nonsensical ideas are only perceived to be widespread and also possible to be widespread because of social media.
And Bill Maher is never going to be scripted to tell you to get off of social media.
Bill Maher will be scripted to tell you that digital ID is the only way to make social media safe.
That, I can assure you.
They like murder, we like killing people.
here's the thing i'm not afraid of digital id on the internet because digital id might make it possible or it should in theory make it possible for people to only be real it might make it a lot harder for people to pretend like they have
the time to respond hundreds of times a day on substack comments, and also write substack articles, and also be on podcasts, and also be in telegram groups and in signal chats.
If suddenly all social media apps require a digital ID, it might be a lot harder for bot networks
to be useful and usefully deployed.
It might be harder for people to use a staff to pretend and essentially be everywhere with their Twitter profile or with their Facebook profile or with their Instagram profile.
Instead, make people's appearance on social media to be directly related to the amount of time that they spend there.
That wouldn't be bad.
The trouble would be if that held true for the average citizen, but for the meddlers like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or, you know, fake organizations like Children's Health Defense, that they were still allowed to create the illusion of being so widespread.
So that's the trick here.
This guy is on a script.
Here's a mind-blowing stat about the divide.
73% of boomer men disagreed with the statement, mental health challenges are an important part of my identity.
72% of Gen Z women said the opposite.
They agreed mental health challenges are an important part of my identity.
OK, let's say it all together.
Women are better than men.
They're smarter and kinder and make way better firefighters.
But I'm never moving past it isn't really the campaign slogan we're looking for.
I'm sorry, Democratic women, but this is your party.
You have a special responsibility to look tough.
Senator Elissa Slotkin seems to get that, and not just because of her service in Iraq and with the CIA, but because she says things like, Democrats need to fucking retake the flag.
Democrats have to stop being weak and woke, she says.
Good message.
Because no one's holding women back anymore.
In many ways, they're leaving men in the dust.
Women are much less likely to be unemployed now, less likely to blow a month's pay on DraftKings.
and much more likely to complete college.
Is that a commercial for Draft Kings?
I think it is.
The only writing young men do these days is engraving their bullets.
That's okay.
Booing into applause, very rare.
Uh, America now has 14 million women-owned businesses, which generate $2.7 trillion in revenue.
Yeah.
Women laun... Women launched 49% of all new businesses in 2024, and the number of black women-owned businesses outpaced the growth rates of every other demographic.
I'm spitting facts.
In the Barbie movie, when she storms into the Mattel boardroom, it's 12 people, all men.
But Mattel is a real company.
And in 2023, their boardroom was actually six men and five women.
Perpetuating victimhood, especially when it's false, is not a great advertisement for leadership.
Kamala Harris's new memoir of the 24 election is called 107 Days.
But it should have been called Everyone Sucks But Me.
So we're supposed to believe that he sees through it now, but at the time, I guess it seemed reasonable.
It couldn't be that the national security state wanted to separate America into two ridiculous groups, a group that would just take anything that wasn't Trump and a group that would take Trump.
It couldn't be a national security theater that he's included in.
No, now he's portraying himself who's already willing and able to dunk on her for her silly book, but couldn't point out how ridiculous it was that the Democratic party could only come up with Joe Biden and her.
It couldn't possibly be.
It couldn't possibly be that Donald Trump was on their team.
Couldn't possibly be.
Just like it couldn't possibly be that Donald Trump was on their team when Hillary Clinton was able to just kind of stumble into the taxes thing.
You know, that's why I use it.
That makes me smart.
That debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump was a debate between two people who've had been at each other's children's weddings.
That was a debate between two lifelong friends and at least one of whom is a very skilled actor and the other a very skilled politician woman.
So we were led to believe that Donald Trump dunked on her in that debate, but that was a script.
And we're supposed to believe that he's willing to dunk on her now, but he can't see that it was a democratic script to have two inept candidates opposite Donald Trump for the second time.
And now they've got Donald Trump in office and anything that he does or doesn't do can be blamed on him.
And so anything that they want to accomplish can be just accomplished by blaming it on Donald Trump or
or not, just like they did in the first term.
107 days is a victim's title, because get it, she only had 107 days to win.
Yeah, and a billion and a half dollars.
A built-in army of about 75 million people who'd vote for any human adjacent life form that wasn't Trump.
But in 107 days, nothing has ever calmed his fall.
Biden lets her down by not stepping down sooner.
Pouty face emoji.
Gavin Newsom, he was asked for his endorsement, but texted, hiking will call back.
But then never did.
And then he didn't even ask her to prom.
America, America itself, lets Kamala down by not being ready for the running mate she really wanted, Pete Buttigieg.
So she's stuck with the Home Depot paint salesman.
And the rest is herstery.
Poor Kamala.
We made her the star of a rom-com and didn't even give her a gay best friend.
Kamala writes that on election night, when it was clear she'd lost, an aide peeled the words, Madam President, off the cupcakes before handing them out.
Oh, jeez.
That's like a scene from Bridget Jones Runs for President, for Christ's sake.
Look, ladies, I know this isn't fair, but we're all always running against the worst cliche of who people think we are.
Women Democrats can't look oversensitive or preachy or unable to laugh at themselves.
They also can't look silly, like Gretchen Whitmer did, trying to hide in the Oval Office.
They have to look brave and strong.
It wasn't a good look for the woman party that all the guys were speaking out for Jimmy Kimmel when Trump went after him, except on The Woman Show.
We're for five days.
And there it is.
The sighting of the cast, Jimmy Kimmel, all the good guys, and then the bad guys.
The bad guys are also on the team though.
Joy is on the team though.
Whoopi's on the team.
They're all on the team.
The View has been on the team since the very beginning and part of the core of Trump derangement syndrome.
So, of course, he gives them a shout-out.
Outspoken hosts were suddenly as quiet as a geisha.
Then on the fifth day, they rose and said, no one silences us.
No one had to.
You silenced yourself.
Whoopi Goldberg continued, did you all really think we weren't going to talk about Jimmy Kimmel?
No, I thought you would, but then you didn't.
Five days?
Talk about needing extra time to get ready.
And if you can't take a breath and laugh at that, you're making my point for me.
Gosh, he's awful.
He's awful.
I'm sailing away Set an open course for the virgin sea Cause I've got to be free Free to face the life
that's ahead of me.
On board, I'm the captain, so climb aboard.
We'll search for tomorrow on every shore, and I'll try, oh Lord, I'll try,
Carry on I look to the sea
Reflections in the waves Spark my memory Some happy, some sad I think of childhood friends And the dreams we had We lived happily
So the story goes But somehow we missed out On the pot of gold But we'll try best that we can
They sang to me this song of hope, and this is what they said.
They said, come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me, lads.
Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me.
Come sail away, come sail away.
Yeah.
Oh.
Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me.
Come sail away, come sail away.
welcome back to the show ladies and gentlemen that was Styx come sail away i am trying to get you to understand that the timeline is the way to win the timeline is the way to win just gotta see on the internet what these people were doing
and when they were doing it, and you will find the truth, who they were doing it with, what they were saying.
None of these people make the intellectual progress that would be expected if they believed what they said they believed and any particular calendar date.
It just simply doesn't make any sense.
None of these actors that are on these podcasts with these elaborate histories have made the intellectual progress that would be expected from a free-thinking adult.
They are scripted.
That's why it's more like a dumb soap opera and you're just unable to watch all the episodes.
Now I want to go back to a particular time in history because whether or not it's right whether I have moved back the timeline now we are back at 2019 when Barry Weiss the now editor of CBS News and say a former owner of the free press that sold for 150 million dollars
This interview or the bit that I've cut out here is spectacular.
What you need to see here is that this is January or February of 2019.
This may be before the pandemic and the scripting of that narrative became obvious, was briefed to Joe Rogan.
Pay very close attention to the fact that he feels very Democrat, very left, very gay, very metro sexual.
He's not the hardcore conservative guy that he will be in about half a year from now.
Listen carefully because this is really the truth incarnate.
You can see it.
and whether or not it's right, whether or not we should have been there, and then whether or not there actually were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, whether or not we're in the business of nation building, whether or not Ron Paul is right, whether or not other people are right, who's right?
The only way we're really gonna get a clear picture is to see a picture, to have an actual picture.
Yeah, well that's why I've thought about this a lot, because right now I think in most Americans' minds it's like,
The shooting happens, then it becomes a hashtag.
Now, let's remind everybody, right, that there was this shooting in Pittsburgh at a synagogue where 11 people died and she's from Pittsburgh.
And she apparently went to that synagogue when she was young.
I'm not arguing with any of that history.
I'm just saying that as a New York Times writer, they elevated her after that happened.
It almost, maybe they scripted the shooting in Pittsburgh so that they could elevate her.
I don't really know.
I don't really care.
I just know for sure that she's not an adult.
She's a scripted actor.
And at very, very best, she is a completely fraudulent adult.
who doesn't belong in front of anyone, never mind in front of potentially hundreds of thousands of people on social media, masquerading as an adult with opinions that are informed.
This is one of the absolutely most fraudulent and, quite frankly, shitty Americans on Earth.
She makes Joe Rogan look quite tame because Joe Rogan doesn't claim to be anything more than a musclehead who likes to smoke pot.
She claims to be a journalist with, you know, gold standard level of journalism kind of journalist.
This is a joke.
Then it becomes a t-shirt, then it becomes a memorial thing, a memorial concert.
I mean it's like actually sickening, like the choreography of it.
And I think what's lost is what it looks like.
And this rabbi in Pittsburgh, who's really amazing, described to me what he saw.
And I'll never forget just the description of what he told me.
And I've wondered a lot.
So I have to have pity for her as a Jew because she's been traumatized by a story that she heard from a fricking rabbi.
You see how stupid this is in retrospect?
Maybe in 2019, I would have been afraid to say that.
But right now, I'm definitely not.
In Pittsburgh, there are still people who have signs in their front lawn that are inspired by or there specifically because of this shooting.
Make no mistake about it, people in Pittsburgh remember this shit.
So, I'm pissed because there was something that never felt real about it.
There's nobody in Pittsburgh with a gun going to a synagogue.
That's just stupid.
It doesn't even make any sense.
Why would anybody do that?
It's just dumb.
It doesn't make any sense.
You can't explain to me why somebody would do that.
Wake of that and I'll think about it with the next shooting happens without a made a difference at all in terms of waking people up.
What's fucked up as you said when the next shooting happens.
Well that's what's fucked up.
Well we know it will happen.
Yeah.
We know it will happen.
Yeah, why?
He's so weak.
Listen to him.
He's like a girly man here.
Why?
Because there are a lot of guns in this country and people have access to those guns who are not only mentally unwell, sometimes they're just evil.
Aren't you afraid that people are going to use trucks to do the same thing then and cars to do the same thing?
Aren't you worried about people using baseball bats to do the same thing?
Because there are a lot of guns in the United States and people have access to them, that people are gonna do crazy shit?
What?
Isn't it first that people have to be crazy and have crazy ideas?
People have to be motivated enough to take action, not just tweet or, you know, write a particularly mean post on Facebook, but actually get up, get in their car.
This is so stupid.
In retrospect, it's so stupid.
And these two improvising actors have no idea what they're getting involved in.
No idea what they are signing up for.
They are so naive.
They are criminals.
They want to kill people and they want to be famed.
I mean, for a million reasons, but the fact that she knows this, the hell is going on here?
This doesn't make any sense.
People don't shoot people to be, to be famous unless they're in, in high school.
adult single men over the age of 40 aren't sitting at home scheming who they could shoot so that they could become famous.
That's just, that's just a stupid thing that she's learned from watching way too much TV.
We are living in a culture that seems to worship people's freedom to own those weapons more than human life seems crazy to me.
It really does.
I get what you're saying.
The argument against that would be
Remember, this is the gunman, right?
This is the bow and arrow man.
This is the shot, a bow and arrow, a fricking broadhead at the side of a stainless steel truck and was surprised it didn't go through.
he's really grinding a lot because his eyes are always looking up he's really thinking oh boy this is really hard this girl's really pushing my pushing my limits here my intellectual i'm just steaming my freaking diodes this look look the real crazies believe that these things are happening
And that they're happening because of the fact the real crazy so in 2019.
He wasn't a real crazy I thought in 2013 He was already a real crazy when he was joe rogan joe rogan questions everything
the government wants to take away our guns.
This is the real crazies.
Explain that, I'm not sure I follow.
That they are making these people... The real crazies think that there are false flag shootings so that they can justify taking away guns.
Oh, those are crazy people, says Joe Rogan.
Stop lying!
I mean, that's some rich shit in 2019 coming from this scripted asshole.
If you're familiar with who he is now, and you're not familiar with what he sounds like right here in 2019, then right now, you should be having a little bit of a, in your head, a little bit of a, because two gears have now started to turn in opposite direction and the teeth are breaking.
because this jackass will say whatever he's scripted to say.
And in 2019, he was still kind of a muscly, lefty, softy, kind of gay, metrosexual, not really sure how conservative he is kind of guy.
people do these things.
The government?
That the worst aspects of our society, whatever, you know, fill in the blank with whatever left-wing conspiracy, that, you know, whatever person, whatever boogeyman, George Soros, whatever the fuck the boogeyman is, that whatever boogeyman or cabal of boogey people
that they are somehow or another either using the like Manchurian candidate type.
Remember he's the one who started Epstein didn't kill himself.
You know that right?
Joe Rogan.
influence, whatever the fuck they're doing.
They're getting people to do this and then even creating false flags where these things didn't happen.
So they wouldn't create false anti-vax groups in order to create useless opposition to health freedom and to public health to get ready for a pandemic.
They wouldn't create all kinds of front groups.
No, no, no.
It's just this stuff.
Oh wow, false flags.
So they can take away guns.
This is the, I mean, look.
But this is like swamp terror.
This is like Pizzagate.
It is.
You're right.
It is dumb, but it's real.
It's real in terms of the influence that it has, that people actually do believe that there are these false flag events that they're designing to get your guns, that people are training people to go out and kill a bunch of people so they can take away your guns.
So it makes them more rabid about their support of the Second Amendment.
And they feel like they're being attacked on all sides.
It's very strange.
Have you had Merkel-Schermer on here?
Yes, recently, last week.
Oh, good.
The mindset of the conspiracy thinker is totally fascinating to me.
Now, don't forget, earlier this year, he had Ian Carroll on, and he opened the show with, why do we like conspiracies so much, Ian?
Oh my gosh, this is awful.
It is.
Mick West is actually just as good or even better.
He runs Metabunk.
He's a fascinating guy.
I used to do this show.
I did the show for a while on sci-fi called Joe Rogan questions everything.
And one of the things that we went into was why people believe in chemtrails.
Why people believe that the heat of jet engines, which causes these artificial clouds when it interacts with condensation in the atmosphere and creates
you know, it creates artificial clouds.
You see contrails.
Yes.
Some people believe that these are, that someone's spraying something and that this weather control from these commercial jets that they're, you know, somehow Joe Rogan believes that in 2025, my friends.
Like, come on!
There's this gigantic conspiracy of all these people involved and that... Don't forget that Mary Holland believes it.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
believes it.
There are even papers out there that make other people believe it.
It's just that in 2019, it was still ridiculous.
In 2019, he wasn't Joe Rogan questioning everything.
That was just a show he did on sci-fi in the late 20s.
Holy balls is this bad.
He is such a fraud.
This is, in some way,
They're either doing weather control, or they're controlling us, or mind control.
It depends on who you ask.
Clearly.
But Mick had a really interesting way of discussing it.
And one of the things that he said is this is like the training wheels for conspiracy theory.
Because you see it in the sky.
Like, look, there it is.
I don't remember that.
You know, there's photographs from World War II where you can see, from the 1940s, you can see contrails in the sky that look just like the ones up here.
But people will say, I don't remember those when we were kids.
And people will go, yeah, yeah, I don't.
And then it starts fueling this paranoid idea that there's this problem.
So it's not social media that's fueling this idea.
It's not the sort of
pushing this idea, algorithmically programming it into people's feeds so that they're all made to question.
It couldn't be that.
It's just that people like conspiracies, and these conspiracies are like training wheels for worse ones.
Program going on.
And then there are real programs that the government is considering to combat global warming, where they talked about this in the 70s and the 80s.
They talked about
reflective particles in the atmosphere.
I think when they were concerned that the ozone layer was, man, I'm almost in the 80s, it probably was later than that.
But even more recently, they've talked about suspending reflective particles in the atmosphere to protect it, but it'd be very different.
But why do people believe conspiracy theories?
What is it in the nature of certain people that I'm just so fascinated by it?
They're old enough to understand that people lie in groups.
That people without morals lie together.
That on a national security level lies are told all the time.
This is a child and she is being screened or auditioning.
screened is a better word for possible role in this scripted podcast bullshit narrative and she was selected.
That's why in 2025 we are where we are.
That's a good question.
That's what I was going to ask you.
I don't know.
When you see it from the outside, when you see something like the most horrific ones, like Sandy Hook, like Sandy Hook being a false flag, what would be the motivation for someone saying that?
What would be the motivation?
His best friend Alex Jones said that.
What would be the motivation for somebody saying it's a false flag?
What a stupid question that is.
She's being screened.
She's auditioning for a role in this show.
In the Peter Thiel, Elon Musk, shithead show.
capturing an audience, like getting people to believe in you as some seer behind the veil.
Yeah, but that's only the people that are projecting this in terms of in the media.
I'm talking about like an Alex Jones.
Like, why does he say that?
My question is, why do other people think it?
Why do they look for it?
Not a person who's profiting off of it.
I think that's, I think the reason people look to conspiracy theories is that the world is
deeply chaotic and seems to lack a logic and people are desperate for a system of understanding the world.
And conspiracy theories often seem to like... Conspiracy theory is like a vaccine.
It's a very shitty, aspecific term that could describe a story that's completely made up or it could describe a very accurate description of a network of people working together.
That's the problem with conspiracy theories.
Depending on the context, it could mean anything.
Just like vaccine could mean anything.
It could mean a transfection.
It could mean a pill.
And so this is the trap.
It is a largely semantic one where the terms that they use make arguments impossible.
The definitions are so watery, watered down, or diluted that you can't actually argue about anything.
Arguing about autism spectrum disorder and its causes is just as dumb as this discussion that they're having right now.
It doesn't contain the specific terms necessary to make decisions about yes and no.
offer a very, very actually like an incredibly simplistic explanation, which is there's this secret thing, like there's always a secret thing that... I mean, she believes, right, that people just hate Jews so much that sometimes they just decide, you know what, I can't take it anymore.
I'm going to buy a gun and I'm going to a synagogue and I'm going to kill everybody I can at the synagogue.
She believes that she's on this fricking show specifically to say that.
She believes there is a multi-generational conspiracy against Jews that makes people in America spontaneously murderous.
is a plan that the public doesn't know about, generally.
But the real thing is that no one really is at the wheel.
Yeah.
Yes.
The real thing is that, I mean, haven't we learned that from the Trump presidency?
No one is really at the wheel.
Haven't we learned that from the Trump presidency?
See the lie?
No one's at the wheel.
No one's responsible for this.
These Christian nationalists are out of our control.
These people are nuts.
I don't know who Antifa is, but they sure are a problem.
See, right?
Like, institutions are just made up of people.
Like, they can fall apart if the people that take them over are irresponsible, crazy, venal, narcissistic, everything that we're seeing in the Trump administration.
Oh, so it's all of that that makes the Trump administration fall apart.
It couldn't just be a big act.
It couldn't just have been a big fake.
We have them now, ladies and gentlemen.
And these two scripted actors in 2019 are trying to pretend that the Donald Trump administration is out of their control doing things that they don't have control over.
Nobody has control over because it's just an egoistic, selfish, crazy, narcissistic minds, you know, wow.
It's awesome.
It's fantastic if you see it.
How can we have an improvisational comedy routine discussion scripted about the current events?
What do we want people to come away with?
What messages do we want them to understand?
Trump is an independent actor that none of us can really understand.
But isn't that kind of, it's weirdly, I mean it's both terrifying but also comforting.
I think.
If it's just people, people can also change it.
It's not like there's a secret hand that we need to get to.
So it can't be a group of people coordinatedly lying.
It couldn't be a bunch of national security actors that are put in place on purpose because
Having a randomly functioning national security state called the United States of America isn't allowed.
It's not possible.
We can't just have 11 aircraft carriers out there doing whatever the people on the aircraft carrier want to do at that time, shooting or bombing whoever they want to, flying planes here, landing ships there.
That can't be the case.
We certainly can't have a bunch of random people with big egos running the nuclear weapons of the United States.
Why do we have 700 military bases around the world if it's not to move things?
If it's not to move people, if it's not moving information, if it's not moving wealth and money and power, why would we have all those military bases in all those places otherwise?
other than to have sovereign soil and all those places through which we can move anything we want under guard.
Ladies and gentlemen, the national security state of the United States of America would love you to believe
that it is wholly out of the control of the United States population and actually out of the control of the Congress and out of the control of the President because all of these foreign powers are able to control the United States government and all the people in it.
She believes that.
She probably, to a certain extent, understands how it could be, to a certain extent, accomplished.
but it is through a conspiracy.
It is through people conspiring together, most of the time to say one thing in public and another in private.
Why do we like conspiracies?
Because we know they exist.
Santa Claus is a freaking conspiracy against kids, for goodness sakes.
Lucian, elect better people.
Do you think that this such as it is this constant conflict?
There it is.
The national security state is not leaving elections open to chance.
So they're perpetuating a myth.
That's bullshit.
this social conflict that we're involved in right now, the woke left and the alt-right and all this jazz, that the boiling of it right now will eventually boil down to something more rational.
Because it seems like if you read Steven Pinker's work and people that study... Steven Pinker?
The guy who's been to Epstein Island?
Wow!
Violence and in danger and society over the course of history that we're we're certainly on an upward trend even though All the data shows that no one's denying that there's some awful aspects to our culture today and society and crime and violence and in fill-in-the-blank and wealth disparity and yes, all those things exist, but
There's more understanding of that, there's more awareness of that, and there's certainly a safer world today than was 100, 200 years ago in terms of your own existence.
Well, just think about my life.
I am a woman who can walk down the street of almost any American city with all the privileges that I have granted.
Unharmed.
Yes, that's a miracle in human history.
It is like there's one day I was at the beach and I was like, oh I'm just like sitting here in a bathing suit.
No one's coming up to me.
No one's harassing me How many parts of the world could I do that in right?
You know like I try and keep that in mind when I'm Falling into despair about where we are as a country where I'm like, oh actually in a lot of ways it's still like
the best thing of the worst things.
It's the best thing in history so far.
It's certainly for women.
So I try and kind of keep that in mind when I'm losing myself to feelings, to fears that things are gonna get worse before they get better, which is what I think.
I have, she's so insightful.
Little does she know she's gonna be the head of CBS News in a few years.
all daughters and I have friends that are women and I have a lot of friends that are women in the world of stand-up comedy and I oftentimes see misogynist shit online that shocks me and one of the things that shocked me was there's a guy that I follow
And he was talking about how his wife, it was a thread on Twitter, well thought out, very smart guy, he's a lawyer, and he was talking about how his wife's gas tank is always empty.
It's like every time he gets in his wife's car, she's always out of gas.
He's like, what the fuck?
Why do I always have to get gas for you?
And then she explained she doesn't like to park to get gas because she gets harassed and it creeps her out.
And it's like a man would never think about that.
Not only would men never think about that, the messages he was getting from men calling him a cock.
What?
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
I mean, I'm an idiot that I didn't think darkly enough because of course it was going to go there, right, of course.
And he told me direct messages, getting direct messages.
People, you know.
saying all kinds of crazy shit to him.
Because they not only are they in denial that this could be a situation where their mother was in or their wife or their daughter, maybe they don't have a daughter, maybe they have a bad relationship with their mother.
Maybe they just they've had so many bad, you know,
If a guy's had so many bad interactions with women and he's not very smart and he's just decided that women are evil and you see anything that's like saying, hey guys, maybe we should look at it in terms of like how the woman looks at it.
Fuck you.
Like that's real.
Those guys are real and they're out there.
I was at a gas station.
That's real.
Those guys are out there and they're called, they're called like,
like, like incels or something.
I'm sure of it.
They're real, man.
They're totally real.
The other night at two o'clock in the morning, I was coming home from the Comedy Store and I pulled into this gas station and there was this guy, you know, they have that bulletproof thing with this thick glass and the guy's talking.
I'm using my credit card and this guy's trying to use his debit card.
And I pull in, I get out of my car and I hear yelling.
And I hear him going, hey, bro, relax.
You're not a fucking bank teller, all right?
He goes, you're taking this job so seriously.
You make $10 an hour.
And the guy says something.
There's no money on the card.
He's like, fuck you.
There's $800 on this card.
And his friend from the car is saying something.
And I am nervous, OK?
I'm nervous.
Really?
Yes.
It's 2 o'clock in the morning.
I'm nervous.
And I'm like fuck and I'm like, what if this guy turns any of this aggression on me?
What if he decides I mean he's a fucking asshole and he's probably drunk or high or something and it's 2 o'clock in the morning and It's him and there's another guy in the car and I'm so nervous.
I'm like humiliating the guy who works.
Yes.
Yes There's a bank teller on duty at 2 in the morning.
Something is not making any sense right now
And I'm so nervous that I'm thinking of cutting my pump short.
I'm thinking of just don't get a full tank, just get five bucks and get the fuck out of here.
You know, don't run out of gas, but let's just get the fuck out of here.
We'll get the gas tomorrow.
Seriously?
Joe Rogan got afraid at a gas station because somebody was yelling and screaming.
He didn't want to help the cashier.
He didn't want to chill it out a little bit because he's such a tough guy.
He was only going to buy $5 and then he was getting out of there, man.
This is awesome.
Oh my gosh, what a fraud this guy is.
During the daylight, and I'm a man, and I'm looking at these two guys, and I'm saying, okay.
He's a very, very short man.
Okay, if some shit goes down, if these guys don't have a weapon, if some shit goes down, I'm gonna beat the fuck out of these two guys.
They look skinny, they look like they don't exercise, but they're aggressive, they're angry, they're stupid.
I'm like, God damn it.
Like all my spidey senses are going, get out of here.
Go get out of here.
And like an asshole, I decided to stay and pump my gas.
But when these guys are yelling at each other, I literally went around the front of the car instead of this back way, because it was a shorter path for me being exposed to their view.
So I'm hiding behind my truck while I'm filling my tank, and I'm a man who could kill these two guys.
Right, I honestly thought where this story was gonna go is that you were gonna go over and tell them to shut up.
I was thinking of going over there, but I didn't wanna get shot.
And I'm thinking, what if, this is how people die.
I know, second amendment joke.
He can't carry a gun.
He smokes weed.
He has weed in his car.
He can't carry a gun.
That's trouble in Texas for him.
But also you can get knifed.
You can get hit in the head with a pipe.
But isn't that an insane thing that you have to worry that you're gonna get shot at a gas station?
Maybe the thing to do would have been just call the cops.
Help the guy at the gas station out.
These people are so sad
in the way that they interact with strangers.
It's not a fellow citizen.
It's not a concerned citizen or an upset citizen.
It's a potential criminal and a murderer and a stabber and a violent guy.
I don't know what he's talking about.
He said they were two skinny dudes.
Like, this is just dramatic for the sake of being dramatic.
And it's sad because it's not the Joe Rogan of 2025 because that's not the character he's asked to play now in this time.
It is but it's not just shot.
It's just violence in general and I know and I'm a martial arts expert so I'm less worried than most men and Certainly way less worried than a woman if I was a woman and I pulled up and I heard that guy going fuck you make $10 an hour bro fucking relax.
I'd be like, oh get me the fuck out of here I was on fumes though has raising two daughters made you so much more aware of this stuff a hundred percent.
Yeah, I
And also just raising babies, even if they were boys.
I realize that people are babies now.
I used to think of people as being in a static state.
How old are you?
34.
I meet you, I go, oh, 34-year-old person.
This is a 34-year-old person.
I didn't meet you and think.
In the past, I would have met you and only thought of you as a 34-year-old person.
Now I look at everyone.
by default as a baby.
That's how I process things.
And it made me way more compassionate, way more understanding, and way more patient with people.
Because now I say, okay, when I meet this asshole at the gas station two o'clock in the morning that's berating that guy, well, why is he?
Well, because probably his dad's a fucking piece of shit.
Oh, so now he's rationalizing, he's not scared anymore.
This doesn't come off.
as truthful at all.
This comes off as improvisational bullshit.
And when you're improvising, sometimes you contradict what you said 10 minutes ago.
His life probably sucks.
He's probably dumb.
He's probably been on drugs since he was young.
He doesn't have any smart friends.
They don't have any money to get gas.
It's two o'clock in the morning.
They're making poor life choices.
There's a lot wrong here.
He doesn't have any discipline in his life.
He's never gone through any sort of trials and tribulations that taught him about things.
He didn't receive life lessons, probably didn't get a good education.
Here we are, and I might have to kick this guy's ass, because it's two o'clock in the morning, and he's threatening.
He's loud, and he's probably going to be loud to other people, look at him the wrong way.
He's just fucking toxically stupid.
But it was a baby.
He was a baby at one point in time.
So I don't want to go over there I don't want to I don't want to create violence I'm thinking he's just gonna drive away and eventually he did and that poor guy who probably is probably that's a really bad way to think about adults adults have Responsibility for what they do and what they say and it doesn't matter how they got to be an adult or how tough it was for them They are adults
This is not a nice way to think about people.
It's a dumb way to think about people.
You should be requiring people.
You should be requiring people to be held.
You should hold people to the highest standard possible.
And you should hold yourself to that standard too.
This is just ridiculous making just a little bit more than $10 an hour is stuck in this fucking cubicle this little glass box With this asshole berating him at 2 o'clock in the morning, but that's a baby that guy was a baby my what my my
except not acceptance, but my Curiosity with socialism my real curiosity with any socialist ideas is how do we recognize the fact that some people?
Are dealt the shittiest of shitty hand of cards and that there's entire sections of cities
where everyone has a shit hand of cards and some some make it out through basketball and football and sports and rap music and whatever but that whole spot sucks the whole spot sucks the aberrations the the few that make it out that's not indicative of that this is a good place and these people just need to pull themselves up by the bootstraps
is that some salmon make it up this crazy waterfall and the grizzly bears don't eat them.
It doesn't mean that the waterfall is safe for salmon and the salmon that get bit are a bunch of pussies.
This is chaos.
The fact that we don't address that and that our civilization just plows on with the same stupid path that we've had for decades, regardless of the fact that we have- Are you hearing it?
Are you hearing it yet?
He's not the conservative Ivermectin guy.
He's not.
He was asked to play that role for a little while, just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was, just like Brian Hooker was, just like Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone were, just like Jay Bhattacharya has been, just like Marty McCary was.
They auditioned, they got selected, and then they were put in place and enacted a theater that seems to make it seem like something real has happened and led to 2025.
when in fact it was an elaborate hoax of longest con of an absolute understanding of the the complete inequality of the the real ghettos of our country whether it's the south side of chicago or whether it's baltimore wherever it is we have a real understanding of this this isn't this isn't guesswork we really know and we don't do a goddamn thing about it that's what makes me want to embrace some aspects of socialism the fact that i know it's not fair it's not fair
I didn't have a great childhood, but it wasn't bad.
I got through.
I'm fine.
Nobody shot me.
Nobody raped me.
I got through.
It could have been way worse, and it is way worse for many, many people.
So all these pull-yourself-up-by-your-bootstraps assholes, the other thing I notice about them is they're rarely really successful.
They really rarely are these pull-yourself-up-by-your-bootstraps people, people who have accomplished anything extraordinary.
It's just like an idea.
It's a simplistic ideology that they've sort of subscribed to.
But I thought Elon Musk was like super brilliant.
I thought he was a pull-your-up-by-yourself-by-your-bootstraps kind of guy because he's so smart.
You should have AOC on.
I would love to.
Her and I have gone back and forth on Twitter.
Yeah, that would be really interesting to listen to.
Plus, she's so young.
I'm so interested in her.
Yeah, she's 28 years old.
I mean, that's amazing.
The whole thing's amazing.
She's just fascinating.
You should have her on.
She's amazing!
Wow, that is hilarious.
Wow.
She was getting a hard time because they found a video.
They thought they were going to get her.
They found a video of her in college dancing.
Yeah, but you know what?
Everyone loved that video.
The whole narrative that some random person on Twitter put that video out.
Right, but the point is they did it because they thought they were going to shame her.
They're idiots.
No, that's not what they did.
They did it to popularize her.
It's a wonderful video, shot on the roof, where she's smiling very well into the camera, looking extremely fit.
And so, yeah, they released it.
It was really meant to smear her.
And these two believe that, sure.
Funny as that.
They thought- It was the most charming thing in the entire world.
It was amazing.
Anyone who did not love her already fell in love with her.
That's what it accomplished.
And then her response to that was her doing a little dance in front of the fucking door.
She's a social media genius.
The question is, does she- She's a social media genius.
Just like Joe Rogan is a podcast genius worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
Do her ideas stand up at all?
It might be interesting to hear.
Her ideas can evolve, but what she has that's unique is she's real and she seems to be a really good person.
She seems to be a good person.
Now, whether or not I agree with her tax policy, I'm not an economist.
I'm a fucking moron, okay?
I don't know anything about economics.
I really don't.
I mean, you should have her on with some AOC's ideas is what they're talking about.
Economists like no, I'd rather have her on.
Just I just want to know about her as a person first.
Look, my thoughts on politicians is you can hire economists.
You could listen to them.
You could talk to them.
What we really need is people that have the right idea as far as where humans should go, the way we should behave, the way we should treat where humans should go.
He's thinking about the species as a whole.
This overwhelming need for community that we all share.
We have to pull this thing together and we have to look at each other as a community and that's lacking.
And the people that are polarizing both on the left and the right,
They don't want to look at it that way.
They want to look at people and say, hey, you will never get better, like that 16-year-old kid.
No need to ever forgive him.
This kind of crazy talk, whether it's from the right or from the left, is what we really need to stomp out.
We need to stop.
We need to be nicer to each other.
We need to figure out that we don't have time.
We're not going to live long.
If you're 50 years old and this is your idea of the world, fuck man, you're halfway done and you're an idiot.
You're looking at shit completely wrong and you're halfway done with this trip if everything goes perfect.
I know we're in an anti-religious period of the world's history, but ideas like grace and mercy
would go a long way in the culture right now.
That's a pretty comical thing for her to say now.
you know, mindfulness and yoga, even if it's like, comes from a sort of fake guru-y place in the beginning, which a lot of times it does.
Well, it's just people have, I mean, people have deeply religious impulses, and that needs to go somewhere.
And so it's going to politics and doctrinaire politics, or it's going to wokefulness, or it's going to self-care and wellness.
I mean, all these things are, astrology is like making a comeback.
Is it really?
Are you kidding?
Yes.
I am kidding.
I mean, I'm not kidding.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
People's signs, like, I mean, it's like all religious experts, like that energy inside of us, I think, is deeply human and needs to go somewhere.
I talked to a guy who's a really smart guy who told me he doesn't do anything until he contacts his astrologer.
Oh my god, everyone in LA has one.
Not everyone.
A lot.
That's not true.
Jamie?
Jamie does not have one.
No.
Jamie consults the weed leaves.
Yeah, I don't know what that's about, but I do think that people do have this desire for a space daddy, a higher power, something that knows more than you.
grand pattern to follow that leads to harmony.
I mean, I think everybody sort of has that thing.
Because, again, what we were talking about before, we do realize, if we are being honest, that no one's at the wheel.
That we wake up, we're almost like we're in a spaceship, and we wake up, and we were in hypersleep, and this thing has been flying for millions of years, and we're like, wait, who the fuck is flying this?
Do we know who's flying this?
See what he's joking about, right?
that there is no technocracy, there aren't already people in charge, there isn't already a national security theater that's misled people.
But there is.
This is years after 9-11.
This is years after they declared the Human Genome Project done three times already.
And this is one year before the start of the pandemic, the culmination of 25 years of planning,
that would slowly pivot and also allow the management of the population pyramid problem.
It is a remarkable insight into this timeline where it becomes now, in my mind, very clear that Joe Rogan has always just been reading a script as it's provided.
You're not flying it, I'm not flying it.
We're going to get together and we're going to form a group that flies it.
It still moves.
It's still moving while we're trying to figure out who flies it, and there's no way to slow it down.
There's no brakes on this thing.
We are in an organic spaceship.
We are.
And we're flying through infinity.
We're spinning a thousand miles an hour.
And we should, you know, if we're smart enough to realize it, we should take control of the evolution of the species by any means necessary.
Right, Joe?
And we're going through space.
That's real.
And you're going to die.
All those things are real.
All those things sort of make everything else sort of pale in comparison.
The reality of that is so bizarre.
And while we're avoiding those thoughts, we're concentrating on these very minor differences that we really have, that are really framed by our teams.
You know, the team, this team says you gotta do this, this team says you gotta do that.
I can tell almost to a, if you tell me you're pro-life, I go, you vote Republican.
Right, and you know everything else about that person, that's crazy.
The idea also that
That's what they like.
That's what they want.
They want social media to be the source of that.
And these people are going to help over the next six years make social media paramount to that, central to that, the homogenization of people's thinking.
You know that you're going to die.
And yet, there are people who are spending their lives hurling pixels at other people.
Pixels?
Like on Twitter, you know?
That's hilarious though.
Pixels.
I never thought about it that way.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
All day too.
This is your one life?
Yep.
That's how you want to spend it?
Yeah.
But you spent your life doing it and claim that you got fired for doing it.
You see, that's what's weird.
A couple years from this podcast, maybe even a year from this podcast, she is going to claim to have been fired by the New York Times because of what she tweets.
Elon Musk is going to be credited with saving free speech in the Western world because of his purchase of Twitter.
So she's improvising right now.
She doesn't know the script.
The script is to make social media relevant, to make social media the most important means of control out there.
And she's being recruited to help.
being mean.
Go outside.
Yeah.
Seriously.
Like go outside.
But it's so intoxicating and it's so new.
That's also the problem with social media.
Social media is new in 2019.
Get.
Back the truck up.
I don't believe it.
Wow.
It's so new in 2019.
It's crazy that in 2025, we just take it for granted that everybody's on it.
In a world in which people live alone and stare down at their flashy screen and worship it like a god, these networks give you a sense of belonging and community.
Yes, and it also gives you something to think about.
If you, you know, I was talking about Jamie Kilstein earlier, who I accidentally almost tweeted or texted.
Jamie used to be- Oh, I know.
Oh, I know all about him, yeah.
And he was describing how he would go after people.
And then he would be locked onto his phone all day long, look at the responses and completely addicted to it.
No matter what he did throughout his day, he was checking his phone every couple minutes and couldn't help that compulsion.
That's a lot of people out there that are locked into this.
It's an addiction.
Yes.
And they want it to be worse.
And in 2019, they couldn't have made it.
a better plan than the COVID pandemic to get it worse.
It is an addiction.
I've had to get, I mean, like I had a small period of a few months where I had not really been on Twitter.
I joined the Times.
That sort of thing happened to me.
And then I was like, this is horrible.
Like, I hate the way this is physically making me feel like I'm nauseous.
I'm sweating.
Like I, I hate this.
Yes.
I can't do this.
I bet she's not saying that anymore.
I bet she stopped saying it after this podcast.
She'll never say it again.
Social media is the reason why she's worth $200 million now.
Social media made her who she is.
Social media is the reason why whatever she supposedly created in Austin was purchased for $150 million.
So, I don't know.
I kind of feel like saying F you, Barry.
saying something mean to you.
And then you look at it and you're like, I should say something back.
Like this is not true.
And then people, you see them like formulating, you're like, hey man, what are you doing?
I'm in the middle, I'm in mortal combat here.
Mortal online textual combat.
You know you catch yourself, like I remember I was at a dinner party once and I was like describing some Twitter fight I was in and I was like, oh my God, I've become one of those people and I'm not going to allow myself to be that person.
But you have to fight it.
you do have to fight it, and you have to be aware of what it is.
It feels like something you have to pay attention to.
Right, but the beauty is that I get to write for the New York Times.
Yeah, that is the beauty.
She writes for the New York Times in 2019, and she's as vapid as a 16-year-old truck stop waitress in a small town in Wisconsin.
It is pathetic.
She lived a sheltered life in Pittsburgh, that led to a sheltered life in college, that led to a sheltered social life, all the way up until she stumbled into the New York Times.
Come on!
My energy into that.
Yeah, and when you do get criticism from your articles, do you get it in the form of, like, what is... I got a really scary email today.
I get emails, I get tweets, I get everything.
Everything everyone gets.
I get letters in the mail sometimes.
Do you want to talk about it?
No, I mean, I can.
I don't think it's so unusual.
I write things that people find provocative.
I expect to provoke a reaction.
I'm OK with that.
And when there are things that are scary, The New York Times is really good about monitoring that.
But I don't like to be in a field that's getting attacked as an enemy of the people by the President of the United States.
Not super excited about that.
But it's just so bizarre that the guy, he's so petty that he calls it like the failing New York Times.
But it's so irresponsible.
I'm shocked that there has not been more violence perpetrated on members of the press.
I really am.
What do you think happens with him?
How does that work?
She's amazed that America, she can walk anywhere.
She's amazed that she can sit on the beach and no one will harass her.
Maybe it's because she's not that pretty.
Maybe it's because she's short and frumpy.
Maybe it's because no one was on that beach.
Maybe because America is a pretty safe culture, but she's surprised that more journalists haven't been
It doesn't make any sense.
This is just improvisation through a scripted set of talking points that ends up these two clowns contradict themselves and each other regularly for three freaking hours.
I don't know who can beat him.
Who do you think can beat him?
That's a good question.
I don't know.
Hillary can't.
I'm so worried.
Duh.
Yeah, but I'm so worried she's going to run again.
She's going to muscle her way to the top.
I don't know who can beat him right now.
I'm so worried about Hillary.
I don't know who can beat Trump.
This is beautiful.
I don't know.
Why do you think that?
Because as things keep going further and further south, what about someone who is a centrist Democrat?
Doesn't that make more sense?
So Joe Rogan doesn't really mind if Donald Trump doesn't get elected again in 2019.
Can't you see it yet?
Can't you see it?
who's a rational person who's on the right, who's going to look at this person who's maybe economically conservative but socially liberal and say this is really where I'm leaning towards.
Yeah, unless they run someone on the far left and like on an identity politics platform.
That's what scares me.
Yeah, that's not going to work.
Well, could it though?
I don't think so.
I don't know because Trump's whole thing was
screw the center, I just need to make my base go apeshit crazy for me.
But they're still apeshit crazy, and no matter what he does... I know, and I'm worried that the Democrats are going to try and replicate that strategy and be like, we just need to make our base go apeshit crazy, rather than running someone that can win the center.
I see where you're going, but I think that this is maybe my liberal bias, but I think that people on the left wouldn't... Liberal bias!
Wow.
Joe Rogan and his liberal bias.
I would fall for that the same way people on the right would.
I don't think people on the left who saw someone who went apeshit, full, woke, far left, I think there's a lot of people in the center would be like, well, I'm going to just going to vote libertarian, man.
I'm going to vote for Gary Johnson or some shit.
But OK, so who's in right now?
So we have Kamala, Kirsten Gillibrand.
Tulsi Gabbard.
Monstrous.
Monstrous?
Ideas.
Well, when she was 22, she had... No, she's an Assad toady.
What does that mean?
She is a... What's a toady?
I think that I used that word correctly.
Jamie, can you check what toady means?
Like toe in the... The New York Times reporter doesn't know what the word toady means.
She thinks she used it correctly and is describing Tulsi Gabbard as an Assad toady.
Of course, Joe Rogan loves Tulsi Gabbard.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has said that she should be the next President of the United States.
Tulsi Gabbard is a fake person who surfs.
She's as fake as Pete Buttigieg.
She's as fake as Greta Thunberg.
She's as fake as Barry Weiss.
The line, is that what it means?
No, I think it's like a... The thing about Tulsi Gabbard is that she has been in line for national security actor for a very long time.
Barry Weiss is being recruited.
and moved up in the ladder, but probably at this point still unwittingly participating in this mess.
And she's still probably unwittingly participating simply because she's so stupid.
She's not a smart person.
She believes the last convincing person that she talked to.
And that's how she goes through her life.
meeting people that can either convince her or not.
And when she's convinced, then she moves on.
That's it.
She's not processing or holding any thoughts of her own.
She's just juggling things that other people put there.
She's a moron.
And there are a lot of people like that, that just see what they're shown to see, see what they're shown, see what they're told to see.
That's Barry Weiss.
T-O-A-D-I-E.
What does that mean?
I think it means what I think it means.
Toadie.
Definition of toadies.
A person who flatters or defers to others for self-serving reasons.
A sycophant.
So she's an Assad sycophant.
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, that's known about her.
That's known.
That's, she was going to say proven.
You know, it's like how Dan Wilson says that it's known that memory T cells and B cells provide the memory to COVID.
It's known.
These people are scripted shitheads.
And the certainty that they have is only occasionally visible as the flimsy, bullshit, non-intellectual pseudo-belief that it is.
But when it's visible, it's sad.
What did she say that qualifies her?
I don't remember the details.
We probably should say that before we say that about her.
We should probably read it, rather.
Well, I have read it.
No, I mean, we should right now.
Oh, yeah, okay.
Just so we know what she said.
Look up Tulsi Gabbard.
I've had her on here before, and I really enjoy talking to her.
I like her a lot.
Are you serious?
Yeah, I like talking to her.
Okay, okay.
I like talking to her.
I don't know about- I think she's like the motherlode of- Look at how noncommittal he is.
She thinks she's the motherlode of all bad ideas, but he really likes talking to her.
She's a really nice girl.
Look at how pathetic Joe Rogan is.
bad ideas.
Whoa.
I'm pretty positive about that.
The mother load of bad ideas.
I don't think I'm wrong.
She doesn't think she's wrong.
My take on her was that I think as a person who's coming from the left, who's also a veteran and is very articulate and sensible and a woman and in talking to her, we didn't get into Assad or any of those things.
but talking to her about what she feels is wrong with the current administration and the way things are running and a direction she thinks things could go in.
She had some very promising ideas.
I don't, I didn't know about this.
But doesn't she also, did she ever apologize for believing in conversion therapy?
I didn't even know she believed in conversion therapy.
Am I crazy?
Is that real?
I'm almost positive this is real.
I think her father ran
When you say conversion therapy, you're talking about gay people.
Yes.
No, I didn't know that.
I never heard that.
I did hear something about when she was very young.
She was like 22.
I really think it's possible that Joe Rogan is a scripted idiot.
I think Barry Weiss is a scripted idiot.
I think Pierre Kory is a scripted idiot.
I think Mary Holland is a scripted idiot.
I think most of these people are scripted idiots that have accepted a role in a national security
exercise, a theater, that they had no idea where it was going or when it would end or what it would really be about.
And at this point they can't and they don't care.
But these are all traitors to our grandchildren.
They all deserve to be hit with rotten vegetables for the rest of their lives.
They all deserve to lose all of their wealth.
I believe they all deserve to have their knees broken with baseball bats, but I don't think that's going to happen.
Unfortunately, I don't think that's the karma that they will receive.
Unfortunately, the world is full of assholes because we let them get away with it.
And these two are a couple of them, but there are many more above them and around them and behind them that are the real problem.
something about gay marriage and civil unions that she apologized for and said that she evolved.
She reveals she met Assad in Syria without informing top Democrats.
I'm telling you, she's... She said she went on a fact-finding mission in support of peace for Syrian people but characterized US-backed rebels as terrorists.
Yeah, she's... I mean...
I can keep looking, but I just don't have enough time to research everything.
Oh yeah, don't have enough time to research everything.
Google's not that fast and she's got a phone, so she's Googling it too.
And so this is the stupidest shit I've ever seen.
These are not real people.
They're not real scholars.
They're not real journalists.
They are posing.
They are actors.
They are some of the worst Americans alive.
Barry Weiss is an absolute trash monkey.
At the same time.
I can come back on when I know more.
We can do this another time.
But who do you think stands out for you as someone that would make a good president?
Yeah, she once touted working for an anti-gay group that backed conversion therapy.
Anyway.
She once touted working for an anti- She worked for an anti-gay group.
She worked for them?
Like she had a job there?
What?
You know, I'm worried.
As a person who's been called alt-right adjacent.
I'm just looking it up.
I'm worried about labels.
No, I understand.
But you know what I mean?
Rep Tulsi Gabbard in the early 2000s touted working for her father's anti-gay organization, which mobilized to pass the measure against same-sex marriage in Hawaii and promoted controversial conversion therapy.
Yeah, FYI.
Conversion therapy.
So she's able to read something from her phone and she was able to teach Joe Rogan something.
It's so cool.
FYI, I'm a smart girl, I know how to Google shit.
The weirdest shit of all time.
There was an article that I read about, they were manipulating pleasure.
It turned out, I started reading it from a study on rats.
They did this thing with rats where they provided, they figured out a way to give rats orgasms.
They figured out a way to jazz up the pleasure center of their brains.
I love that you're reading this, just for fun, okay.
And they would do anything to do it.
They would run up past an area that shocked them.
They would do anything to get to this area where they could have these orgasms.
And they would have them up to 2,000 times a day.
Mr. and Mrs. Weiss, time to turn away.
They did it with a gay man while they were doing this.
This is in the 1970s.
There's a couple of different studies that they did, but one of them they did with this gay guy where they tried to stimulate certain parts of his brain while they were showing him heterosexual porn and they were trying to convert him into being heterosexual.
And apparently they had some meager amount of success with this where he engaged in sexual relationships with women
and apparently even enjoyed it.
It's incredibly complex.
And one of the things that happens, made him masturbate to orgasm while they were doing this and showing him straight porn.
The idea was they were going to reprogram his mind.
How'd that work out?
It didn't, but it did.
It did in terms of short term, but it didn't mean it must have been just massively confused.
Obviously, sexuality is not just about what makes you have an orgasm.
No, it's not.
It's also incredibly it's incredibly complex.
And one of the things it's incredibly complex, says 2019 Joe Rogan.
Sexuality is incredibly complex, says 2019 Joe Rogan.
Are you ready?
it happens is uh you you get you can have gay experiences when you're young if someone does something to you and imprints upon you arousal at a young age with with gay experiences sometimes even heterosexual men will get aroused by certain gay images and gay sounds like you know from experience joe tell me more things because of their past because of that like chris
But isn't it also that we're all on a spectrum, sexuality?
We're all on a spectrum.
She was married to a guy for a few years, then decided she's mostly attracted to women, so she divorced him.
It says it in her frickin' Wikipedia.
Yes, I think so for sure.
We all certainly are, but it's also speculative how much of that spectrum is influenced by your environment versus your genes.
And this is very taboo for some people to discuss, even though it's really fascinating.
Human sexuality is incredibly fascinating.
Incredibly fascinating.
I think Joe Rogan 2025 says there's only two sexes.
I think Joe Rogan 2019 is a really, really, really, really different dude.
And there's some major taboo areas of exploration.
And when you start looking at what makes a person gay or straight, whether it's nature or nurture, whether it's a combination of those things, whether someone's just radically gay from the womb, or whether someone's radically straight from the womb, these studies where they were trying to turn someone with science
They were trying to turn someone straight.
You couldn't do it today.
You'd never be able to do it today in America.
I have to look this up.
Yeah, I believe it was 71 they did it.
Okay, I'll look it up.
Yeah, I'll send it to you.
It's crazy.
Widely criticized, but heavily studied.
The woman, they did it to a woman too.
This woman had a problem with painkillers, and so they figured out a way to wire her brain.
Is this like electric shock therapy or like lobotomy?
They used fucking dental drills.
They put holes in their brain.
They fucking could do whatever they wanted in the 70s.
Is now the time that we get high?
When does this end?
Now's the time we break out the Elon Musk weed.
Oh my god, that was crazy.
I watched every minute of that.
It was nothing.
We drank whiskey for two hours first.
Sorry, when I say crazy, I mean like an amazing get.
He was an amazing get for a journalist that I guess Joe's not a journalist, but she wants him to think of himself as a journalist because she's a journalist.
And it's an amazing interview.
Listen to them glaze Elon Musk here.
Journalistically, it was awesome.
No, it was really cool and I have to thank some of his friends that I'm friends with that convinced him to do that.
Yeah, that was a fascinating conversation.
I thought it was nothing.
So we smoked a little pot.
I literally didn't think anything of it.
It doesn't matter.
Anything he does is fascinating to people.
But what I really wanted to talk to him about was his thought process.
Like, what's going on?
I know something different is going on in his head.
You ever talk to someone where, because I have children and I do like to think of people as babies that become what they are, and I see them in front of me right now, and this constant state of evolution, but sometimes I'll run into someone that's depressingly stupid, where I realize, God damn, this guy's got a nine-volt brain.
They just do.
Some people just do.
And no one wants to admit that.
And we're not talking about mental retardation or any sort of a disease, Down syndrome or something like that.
We're talking about people that are just toxically stupid.
And they do exist.
Just like some people have big noses.
Some people have little noses.
So when you were talking to Elon Musk, did you get the sense that you were talking to like
a genius?
What did it feel like?
Like I'm a chimp.
Like you're that person.
Yeah, that's exactly what I was going to say.
I am that toxically stupid person talking to this guy.
Bullshit.
I've watched that whole interview and he doesn't say anything profound the whole time and it ain't because he's got Asperger's.
I mean, this is a joke.
Elon Musk is the most unprofound fatass in America on television and in social media today.
He's the most overrated male human to ever walk the earth next to Larry David.
Come on!
Let's be really honest here.
Jeff Bezos is one of the biggest jokes of a man that's ever walked the earth.
Elon Musk, when he jumped on stage with Donald Trump, he looked like a guy who had done less athletics.
Like it was pathetic.
And look at Peter Thiel.
Peter Thiel is one of the biggest jokes of a human male to ever walk the earth, gay or straight.
And Elon Musk is one of the people that he says is amazing.
She says is amazing.
Peter Thiel, we all have to be afraid of him because Palantir and stuff.
What a bunch of bullshit.
who wants to create gigantic power stations in Australia to fix their grid, and wants to shoot fucking rockets into space, and they literally let him drill under L.A.
They're like, go ahead.
What are you gonna do, you gonna drill holes?
Go ahead, go ahead.
I think people are completely fascinated by him, and they would have watched you, they would have watched like a silent movie with you and him for two hours, and millions of people would have watched that too.
I don't know about that.
No, I mean.
They want to hear him talk, for sure.
Yeah, they want to hear him talk, but I'm saying like anything he does is completely fascinating to people.
Well he's a legitimate super genius.
Legitimate.
He's not full of shit.
His thought process is extraordinary.
But one of the things that was really clear from talking to him was that it's uncomfortable.
That his whole life it's been this tornado of ideas that's beating against his head.
And he's like, you wouldn't want to be me.
And I'm like, oh Jesus.
Like what do you mean man, you know, he's like it's it never shuts off.
All right, you know, it's so stupid It's just so stupid it's like he's got so many good ideas, you know, you just can't keep up with them all so You know Maybe you should just spin him off with different people send them all to Shark Tank with all of his ideas He could just sit with a room full of people
When he gets a new idea, he could just say it to that person and they could leave the room and act on it.
And then he could come up with the next new idea and his big Asperger brain could just be spraying these new ideas all around the room, except he's completely full of shit.
And he is one of the most unremarkably smart men that's currently alive.
Elon Musk is a joke But he wasn't you know, he wasn't woe is me He was being factual and he was probably it's probably like, you know, some people have a ringing in their ears They have tinnitus rock concerts too many.
I think he's got a ringing of ideas So while you and I are having this conversation, I don't have a fucking thing else going on in my head There's nothing
There's nothing else back there.
It's just you and I talking.
There's no fucking grand plans.
I think he's remapping civilization and trying to make a better yacht.
I'm thinking I want a burger.
That's what I'm thinking right now.
So we're supposed to believe that that was 2019.
And this is 2025.
What did she say?
Did you miss it?
Back in the United States, Paramount Skydance has acquired the right-wing digital media outlet, The Free Press, for $150 million.
The right-wing digital media outlet, The Free Press, founded by Jewish lesbian, Barry Weiss.
former writer for the New York Times, former liberal with liberal Joe Rogan talking about the spectrum of genders, Zionist, supporter of Israel, whatever else she is.
And here is Democracy Now, you know, that news program on the internet that announced the presence of and the moral clash between Mary Holland and the MMR vaccine people and Paul Offit of the vaccine people.
It's all one malevolent national security theater.
This woman has been an actor in it for more than a decade, and is partially responsible for the rise of the anti-vax movement that is represented by these two sabotaged, malevolent shit organizations.
and has installed its co-founder, Barry Weiss, as editor-in-chief of CBS News.
Weiss will report directly to David Ellison, the CEO of Paramount.
The free press is backed by prominent Silicon Valley venture capitalists, has been widely criticized for its commentary on Gaza, including an article titled, The Gaza Famine Myth.
which questioned famine conditions in the besieged territory caused by Israel's assault and blockade.
A CBS correspondent told The Independent, quote, "'The fact that we don't have money to pay journalists, but we have money to pay Barry Weiss between $100 and $200 million is indicative of what the Ellison's true goal here is, and it's not journalism,' they said."
The Supreme Court's rejected an appeal from convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein's co-conspirator Ghislaine Maxwell, who's currently serving a 20-year sentence for sex trafficking.
Maxwell had attempted to get the Supreme Court to rule on whether her case was covered by a plea deal Epstein reached in 2008, when he pleaded guilty to prostitution offenses in Florida, in exchange for federal prosecutors agreeing not to charge his co-conspirators.
Meanwhile, President Trump was asked Monday about a possible pardon for Ghislaine Maxwell.
I don't know.
I mean, I'd have to speak to the... So, of course, this is all part of the theater.
Now he's gonna pretend that he doesn't know.
I'd have to look into it.
But she's... she's responsible for sex trafficking.
Well, I would have to look into it.
And so the left can go apeshit, the Trump derangement syndrome can go to 11, and also the absurd defense...
that all of the hardcore Trumps will accept, the hardcore Alex Jones fans will accept, the hardcore RFK people will accept, the good with the bad because, you know, we're trying to fix things and it's hard and they're playing 3 or 5 or 40 chess.
It's exactly by design.
It's a perfectly designed shitshow.
And democracy now is a wonderful...
clashing harmony.
I'll look at it.
I have a lot of people have asked me for pardons.
I call him Puff Daddy has asked me for a pardon.
Yes, Larry.
Larry Ellison's son, that's correct.
Yeah, I mean, I'm gonna have to take a look at it.
I have to ask DOJ.
Meanwhile, Adelita Grijalva, who just won a special election for a congressional seat from Arizona last month, has still not been sworn into Congress, despite arriving in Washington, D.C., last week.
Last Friday, House Speaker Mike Johnson canceled previously scheduled votes for this week and is holding pro forma sessions with just a few minutes of business per day.
Grijalva thinks it's because she's the deciding vote on a petition to release the Epstein
Wow.
So there you go.
Now we're supposed to believe that they're not swearing in this lady.
Why?
Because they don't want the deciding vote on releasing the Epstein files.
And who's at the charge of releasing the Epstein files?
That's right.
Massey and Ro Khanna, the Indian agent.
And Steve, uh, uh, uh, uh, Massey, the, the guy that, you know, from Kentucky.
Holy shit.
Cortez echoed her concerns writing on X quote, the government is in full shutdown and the Republicans are refusing to call the house back into session.
Want to know why?
Because we have secured.
And there's AOC, AOC who, who Joe Rogan was in love with in 2019, thought her ideas were great.
Not sure about her tax policy, but gosh, she's awesome.
And she's so fascinating and so young and hot.
And here's AOC talking about how we better get those Epstein files out.
Boy, I wonder what's going to happen, huh?
the final vote on releasing the Epstein files, and they don't want them out," unquote.
And those are some of the headlines.
This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report.
I'm Amy Goodman in New York, joined by Democracy Now!'
's Juan Gonzlez in Chicago.
Hi, Juan.
Hi, Amy, and welcome to all of our listeners and viewers across the country and around the world.
Thanks for watching Democracy Now!
course they're on YouTube etc so now we also have one word answer power we also have Senator Ron Johnson to acquire and maintain power and so he's on Fox News talking the shit about you know Republicans and Democrats Democrats bad Republicans good Trump is great he's full of bull he's just a scripted actor a national security actor as a senator
who knows exactly what he's doing.
He's working for the National Security State, the DOE, and the Human Genome Project to bamboozle people to take advantage of what the Trump administration is.
and so why they have the blue and red team going bananas
dubious research about autism, its skepticism over vaccines, and its wholesale rejection of the consensus about climate change, the Trump administration continues to raise alarm within the scientific community.
Our William Brangham spoke with two prominent researchers about their new book, chronicling what they argue is a concern.
So if social media or mainstream media tells you that there is a consensus about something and therefore demands that you accept it,
That is military coercion.
And it's by design.
That's how the system works.
There is a scientific consensus about climate change that you yourself or any of your friends cannot question.
It doesn't matter how many papers you read.
It is a scientific consensus.
And that scientific consensus also exists about COVID, the pandemic, SARS-CoV-2, viral transmission, RNA pandemics, AIDS pandemics,
These are all illusions of consensus.
And the illusion of consensus is what has been militarized using podcasts.
That's how we are being governed.
And that's why on social media and on mainstream media, you have podcast actors.
Here we have a podcaster with two actors.
There's a war on science.
In their new book, our guests argue that we are living through a, quote, anti-science super storm, where a concerted group of global actors, billionaires, leaders of nation states, and credentialed experts, work to confuse and mislead the public about basic scientific principles.
Wow, so there's a good guy, bad guy battle.
The good guys are on one side, the bad guys on the other.
But there are billionaires on both sides.
There are national security interests on both sides, and there are people making lots of money by telling lies on one side.
particularly around the twin crises of climate change and pandemic threats.
Their book is called Science Under Siege.
Don't forget that the prevailing narrative is that pandemics become more dangerous as global warming increases.
That's what Fauci and Daisak would tell us, right?
And its authors are familiar to NewsHour viewers.
Dr. Peter Hotez is the Dean of the National School of Tropical Medicine and Professor of Virology and Microbiology at Baylor College of Medicine.
Don't forget that he didn't know jack shit about Diddley, but just got a phone call after the first attack, after the first SARS thing, and just opened a book, and started reading from the book over the phone, and then people kept calling him, and before he knew it, he was a public health expert.
That's the truth!
Peter Hotez!
Presidential Distinguished Professor in the Department of Earth and Environmental Science at the University of Pennsylvania.
Gentlemen, so nice to have you both here in person at the NewsHour.
I want to ask you both, in this book, you detail this.
I mean, as far back as Galileo, there have been attacks on scientists and scientific understanding.
Both of you, even with that knowledge, describe how you came into these, your respective fields, and still were in some way shocked at the level of vitriol directed against you.
And I wonder if you could just tell me a little bit about when you first recognized that that was coming at you.
Yeah, thanks, William.
It's great to be with you.
And, you know, it goes back two and a half decades for me.
Back in the late 1990s, my co-authors and I published the now well-known hockey stick curve that demonstrated how unprecedented the warming of the past century is.
And it implicated human-caused climate change, the increase in the concentration of carbon pollution due to fossil fuel burning.
that was a threat to some powerful vested interests.
And so they focused a whole lot of firepower on me to try to discredit me, to intimidate me, to get me fired from my job.
And I'll tell you, it was sort of like PTSD for me five years ago when... Wow, Robert Malone also had PTSD from all this.
Crazy.
Public health scientists like Peter and Tony Fauci found themselves under attack in precisely the same way, the same tactics.
and even some of the same players.
And that's where Peter and I sort of started to interact.
We became friends.
Ultimately, that led to this collaboration.
Do you remember the first time you got a glimpse of this?
Yeah, I mean, I did my MD and PhD combined in the 1980s.
worked on a looks like an indian guy back there phd thesis which now 40 years later showing high levels of protection that's what i wanted to do make low-cost vaccines for the world in the laboratory as a laboratory investigator pediatric scientist and then i met my wife ann in medical school and graduate school
Now we have four kids, including Rachel, who has autism and intellectual disabilities.
And if you remember, that was the first assertion that false claims of vaccines cause autism, and I saw it was nonsense.
And I said something, ultimately wrote a book about it, and that made me...
public enemy number one or two with anti-vaccine groups.
The bulk of your book points fingers very explicitly at these different actors.
You lump them and you call them the different P's here, plutocrats, petrostates, propagandists, and the press.
And you argue and demonstrate how they are aligned against very basic principles of science, that carbon pollution is warming the planet.
Wow, so it's the press, it's petrol, it's
like plutocracy think about how stupid that is how stupid it is it's just remarkable and this is this week like yesterday or the day before dangerous degree that vaccines can and have saved millions of lives collectively though what do all of those different actors have in common yeah well there's
There's an underlying agenda, whether it's the plutocrats who fund dark money organizations that have been attacking climate science, that have actually been behind the assault on vaccines, which is interesting, as well as petrostates.
Russia and Saudi Arabia in particular, they don't want a clean energy transition, and they've done everything they can to block
any global green energy transition, the United States right now, unfortunately, has to be classified under the current administration as a petro-state as well.
Its policies on energy and the environment are fundamentally driven by fossil fuel interests as well.
And then there are the conservative media, the Rupert Murdoch's media empire, Fox News, Wall Street Journal, that have promoted a lot of the anti-science in both of these areas, but also some of the legacy media outlets.
Washington Post, New York Times, that often fall victim to sort of false framing, what we call performative neutrality, where anti-science will be placed on an equal footing with the consensus of the world's scientists on the op-ed pages of these papers.
I mean, I think a point of the book is too often we call it misinformation or infodemic, like it's random junk out there on the internet.
It's not.
It's organized, it's deliberate, it's politically motivated, and it's financially motivated.
So they're so good at lying that they make money, and that's the only reason why they lie.
It's to make money.
It doesn't make sense.
It simply doesn't make sense that all these moms and all these dads and all these lawyers are out there lying on purpose, knowing that the only thing they're getting from it is their time share and the travel and the occasional autograph or, you know, it doesn't make any sense.
It really doesn't.
It doesn't make any sense for Sherry Tenpenny to have been busy for 25 years because God spoke to her.
It doesn't make any sense that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has been praying for a half an hour every day for 20 years and believes that Donald Trump is the answer to those prayers.
It doesn't make any sense that
that Roseanne Barr is praying to God that Donald Trump will finally wake people up or something like that.
None of these statements make any sense and for him to say that there is a 20-year anti-vax campaign that he hasn't been able to make any dent in because their lies are so good,
and the press and the plutocrats and the petroleum interests are working against him.
This is just stupid.
And this is currently in America, the PBS news hour.
We are being undermined.
Our culture and our society is being undermined.
It is the controlled demolition of America.
You can see it right now.
vaccine side and the biomedical sciences, in addition to all the things Michael just said, you also have a very aggressive health wellness influencer industry.
The problem is people like us are bad for business because we say, wait a minute, ivermectin doesn't do anything for COVID and neither does hydroxychloroquine.
And here's why.
So ivermectin, you know, the same thing that P.R.I.
Corey dragged us through
The same thing that the wellness company is dragging us through.
The same thing that Joe Rogan dragged us through.
It was a trap all along.
And it doesn't matter whether these people wittingly or unwittingly went along.
They are all part of a national security theater that is threatening this very sovereignty of our grandchildren.
These people are traitors for being actors in this theater.
You should get vaccinated.
And for that business model, for their business model to be successful, you've got to attack vaccines and you have to attack people like Michael and myself and portray us as cartoon villains or public enemies.
And so their business model is to attack people and attack the vaccine schedule.
That's their business model of wellness and selling supplements.
You see how stupid it is?
It's just stupid.
The subtitle of your book is How to Fight the Five Most Powerful Forces that Threaten Our World.
One of the things that you argue is that
You all, the members of the scientific community, need to speak out more overtly.
And you, in this book, name names and point fingers very overtly.
Do you worry, though, that that only further exacerbates the sense that people think, oh, science is partisan, that you guys have an ax to grind?
You know, back in the late 1990s, I loved crunching numbers, looking for patterns in data, writing computer code to solve problems.
I would have been very happy if they had just left me alone.
But they didn't, because the hockey stick, you know, did become this symbol of the climate crisis.
They came after it, and they came after me.
As I like to say, I didn't come to politics.
Politics came to me.
And so we do think scientists need to step up to the table.
And it doesn't mean getting into
political debates and name-calling, but it does mean demanding that any sort of policy-based discussions be premised on an objective and accurate understanding of what the science actually has to say.
And unfortunately, just having that position, just being an advocate for objective science now makes you a public enemy in the climate sphere or in the public health arena.
I mean, look, I mean, we made a low cost COVID vaccine, recombinant protein COVID vaccine that reached 100 million people in India and Indonesia.
But, you know, as wonderful as that accomplishment was, I now realize it's not sufficient.
It's necessary, but not sufficient, because unless we do something,
for this very aggressive anti-vaccine movement that is basically tearing the whole infrastructure for vaccinating the world's children down.
That's its goal.
We're not going to be successful.
So really driven to it by necessity.
The book is Science Under Siege.
Peter Hotez, Michael Mann, so great to see you.
Thank you.
So where is this going?
Where is the red team going to go?
Well, the Israelis have effectively taken over American media.
Bari Weiss is the owner of the Free Press, which she just recently sold to CBS News for $150 million.
Not a small amount of money.
Plus, she gets elevated to editor-in-chief of CBS News.
This is David Ellison.
This is the son of Larry Ellison.
He is the CEO of Paramount.
She is actually going to be reporting directly to David Ellison, bypassing traditional network leadership structure.
David Ellison, the son of Larry Ellison, the largest single donor to the IDF, and he is the largest shareholder in TikTok.
Larry Ellison and family own Paramount Skydance, a massive corporation which holds these brands.
Look at all these brands that are under the Paramount Skydance banner.
And the Ellison family owns now all of these brands.
They control CBS, including CBS News, MTV, Nickelodeon, BET, Miramax.
The list goes on.
Now, you might not remember Bari Weiss.
She called Tulsi Gabbard a toady, saying that she was an Assad apologist.
Bari Weiss is extremely pro-Israel.
Obviously, the Israelis hated Assad.
They really wanted to topple Assad.
Calls her a toady.
Doesn't even know what a toady is.
She's an Assad toady.
What does that mean?
She is a Toadie.
I think that I use that word correctly.
Jamie, can you check what Toadie means?
This wasn't a well-deserved promotion to editor in chief of CBS News.
She's a Netanyahu Toadie, to use her own words.
She's a Netanyahu Toadie.
Now she's running CBS News.
And it gets worse.
You thought this was bad enough.
It actually gets worse.
Let's talk about Warner Brothers Discovery.
These are all the brands under the Warner Brothers Discovery brand.
You've got, of course, Warner Brothers, TNT, Food Network, HBO, TBS, TLC, CNN, HBO Max, HGTV, Discovery Channel, Animal Planet, New Line Cinema.
Well, guess who's about to buy it?
The Ellisons.
How is this even allowed?
How are they allowed to acquire practically all of American media?
and social media and run it under their Israeli thumbs.
How is this even allowed?
They already control too much and they're not loyal to America.
It is shameful.
It is treasonous.
We cannot allow them to control an ounce more.
They control us all.
It's all that one little sand strip in the Middle East that controls everything with blackmail and drugs and money and hookers and stuff like that.
I'm gonna end it right now.
I still had a whole nother hour of video to go.
I can't do it.
I'm running out of gas and I need a break and I will see you tomorrow.
Thanks for being here, guys.
Sorry that I'm ending it so abruptly, but it is 9 20 and Yeah, I guess Israel is in it's the Jews it was all the Jews I guess that that's it America's run by the Jews and so there's nothing we can do about it because they control everything Thanks for being here.
Thanks for being there Thanks for being in a part of the show and I'll see you tomorrow
Yeah.
Hey everyone, so last month I traveled to New York City for a live debate against some very prominent anti-vaxxers.
It was actually a very productive exchange where we were able to find a lot of common ground and everyone in the audience left a little smarter.
I'm just kidding, it was a complete shitshow where one of the frauds basically rage quit.
Who are these assholes and how did it go down?
Let me tell you all about it.
There it is.
I told you it was a setup, ladies and gentlemen.
This guy's got 4 million subscribers.
More people know that Steve Kirsch is a fraud and that Pierre Kory is a fraud than ever knew their name before they went on stage with Dave Farina.
So you gotta ask the question, why would they go on stage with him if they really supported RFK
and Donald Trump on a tour that's called the Anti-RFK Tour, unless it was a scripted trap.
Thanks for being here, ladies and gentlemen.
See you again tomorrow.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Isn't this thing great?
I mean, isn't this just great?
Wait cut cut cut.
Isn't this just great?
Why isn't she not this one?
Isn't that just great?
Thanks Ziggy